tomorrow is the election .
you can 't help but like him .
what purpose would that serve ?
someone will do that job .
he worked hard to make his ideas <unk> at the meeting .
tom asked mary why she 'd been arrested .
we 'd better win .
you did that <unk> , didn 't you ?
i want to stay with you .
where did she go fishing ?
mary lost her car key .
it isn 't easy .
we should tell tom that mary doesn 't want him to come .
i love this song .
tom is still just a kid .
i know tom and mary are waiting for us .
give him a day or two .
what on earth were you thinking , <unk> him here ?
tom is going to stay in australia until the end of october .
john took the lion 's share of the <unk> <unk> ; he claimed it was his idea to buy the ticket in the first place .
some books are on the table .
tom and mary said they were getting hungry .
mary told me she hasn 't done that yet .
tom should probably tell mary not to be afraid .
i 'm a poor student and i can 't pay you .
i wasn 't tired .
he said that he was amused .
i went to boston for a job .
if tom had been a little more patient , he would have been able to do that .
tom wants you to be his date for the <unk> .
i thought tom and mary were tired .
<unk> who likes to fish caught a large fish today .
tom must 've thought mary didn 't want to do that .
there were at least 100 people present .
when i came home , my sister was playing the guitar .
layla will make you lose your mind .
we 've all seen it before .
you can get a better look over here .
this is taking longer than i thought it would .
even though tom has never even tried eating one , he says he doesn 't like <unk> .
she says she wants to meet you .
tom told mary you went to boston .
i was hoping tom would ask me to sing .
thank you very much for your gift .
i didn 't know that tom knew anyone who did that .
tom put his camera into his pocket .
tom said that he wanted a lawyer .
i have looked everywhere , but i can not find my wallet .
tom wants to finish eating before he talks to anyone .
this department store is closed at seven .
how long do you expect tom to stay here ?
is fast food really healthy ?
don 't let them know they 're being watched .
how interesting is that !
tom and mary can 't have done that by themselves .
that seems to be the problem .
layla was taking a bath .
tom <unk> the stone that the good <unk> had given him , <unk> he turned into a squirrel and could escape to freedom through the <unk> of the prison window with ease .
you are my leader .
sami drowned in his pool .
don 't forget tom has no sense of humor .
tom asked mary for her phone number .
it 's nice you found a girlfriend .
i cannot <unk> my fingers . i 'm not a cat .
mary will be fired if she does that again .
sami didn 't wash them .
have you ever experienced something really strange which you can t really explain and which , when you really think about it without <unk> it , it actually makes you very frightened .
the new law should take a bite out of organized crime .
already two weeks went by and i have not seen you .
he rolled his eyes .
nothing 's going my way today .
this isn 't the first time you 've been late .
i don 't want to have to hurt you , but if you get in my way , i 'll have no choice .
to every thing there is a season , and a time to every purpose .
do you have a guest ?
we 're going to do what tom said we should do .
he looks like an honest man .
i know that tom knows why i did that without him .
that 's really funny .
tom may be able to answer the question .
i should have stayed in boston .
what are the chances of that happening ?
tom asked if there was still a police car parked outside .
don 't make me lose my patience .
we could talk about her .
tom has to change his shirt .
layla should serve dinner now .
tom has been like father to me .
you should consider the problem before coming to a decision .
tom isn 't sure mary has to do that .
i <unk> whether the plane would arrive on time .
we sent for a doctor .
mary told me she wasn 't ticklish .
tom said that he was extremely tired .
sami wanted to find nice things to say to layla .
knowledge is like <unk> , it 's only good when spread .
now , it 's my turn to laugh .
didn 't you know that tom would be here ?
mary expected tom to <unk> at her , but he didn 't .
the relationship is on the rocks and the couple seems unable to find ways to <unk> their <unk> .
if mary isn 't here by 2 : 30 , she probably won 't come at all .
i 've always thought you knew how to swim .
she painted her room white .
they said they need to do that .
we managed to swim across the river .
sami was close to layla .
have you called him yet ?
please show me around boston .
my pet <unk> can type faster than you .
tom isn 't skeptical , but mary is .
do you have a toilet <unk> i could borrow ?
tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that .
the house isn 't completely done .
i 'd still highly recommend that you <unk> sentences in russian , so we could have sentences we can all trust as <unk> natural .
sami was involved in layla 's murder .
tom was surprised by how much mary ate .
i don 't know whether tom is good at doing that or not .
i can 't work this evening .
burn the body .
political questions are way too serious to be left to <unk> .
mary must have been very beautiful when she was young .
tom and mary have to sing together .
would you like to go to the lake with us ?
tom wears glasses and so does mary .
do you understand what you 've done ?
sami lives in a really cool spot in cairo .
tom and mary don 't travel together anymore .
in the time of the <unk> , they spoke latin .
how many passengers can this plane hold ?
tom and mary aren 't quite sure why this happens .
i was awake all night .
being there i feel myself in <unk> , <unk> by the love of all my dear ones .
he never knew his father .
this problem is too difficult to deal with .
i 'm at a friend 's house .
is there anything you don 't know ?
that seemed to help .
i can 't keep up with the recent british music scene .
he looks at himself all day in the mirror .
the police came to tom 's house .
tom is naked .
she has had to stay here .
you don 't need a whole day to take a shit ! come out now !
he didn 't come to the last meeting .
i was going to take a nap , but tom dropped by .
i 'm always serious .
i know what her name is .
i 'm not going anywhere with tom .
tom is between jobs now , isn 't he ?
sami 's dog came over to me .
this is required .
i like the girls .
tom talked for a long time , but didn 't really say much .
the last <unk> of the sun is dying away .
i thought that i could handle this , but i can 't .
i need to see tom right away .
mary can 't take care of herself .
i thought that we had three weeks to finish this job .
it hasn 't been easy for her .
i can 't study with you watching me .
please make a sentence by using this word .
tom isn 't good at speaking french .
i 've got lost in the forest .
we saved you a seat .
does tom wear boots ?
i hope you don 't expect me to do that for you .
the wind blew so <unk> today , that a tree was knocked over .
are you still going to tom 's party ?
the moment i arrived home , i went to bed .
i 'm game .
i 've got longer legs than her .
i wish i could come too .
he will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon .
if the weather is nice , i 'll go swimming .
there are beautiful flowers in the garden .
i saw her take your keys .
tom showed me a picture of the food they had eaten .
i rushed tom to the hospital .
i assume that tom is up to no good .
i know that tom and mary both want to do that .
we 'll still do that .
i 've been thinking about what we need to do .
you 're in love .
tom didn 't tell mary he didn 't intend to do that .
i saw tom walking in the park with mary last monday .
tom isn 't funny either .
they told me they were ready to do that .
sami wore a blue shirt .
tom received a phone call from mary .
how did tom know which book mary hadn 't read ?
tom probably didn 't even know about it .
mary lied to tom about what she did .
tom is probably not going to do that very well .
we deserve this .
i wish i knew how to play the <unk> .
sami only made six dollars an hour .
tom can 't believe how <unk> mary is .
i suspect tom has to do that .
you met friends .
sami just continued to talk and talk and talk .
i 'll take the blame for that .
sami had his own plan of action .
tom will believe anything .
men aren 't so different from women .
tom is the most popular guy in town .
tom thought that mary might have to do that .
if we 're not careful , the same thing will happen to us .
that 's the first thing i ever gave you .
i don 't know about the others , but as for me , i 'm for it .
i told you not to play your <unk> late at night , but you did and now the neighbors have complained .
apparently , tom and mary are still alive .
i still think we should 've gone to boston with tom .
i didn 't know tom was in boston last year .
i know you 're having trouble in french class .
tom <unk> the letter and put it into the envelope .
we know tom sometimes does things that he isn 't supposed to .
what 's important isn 't the goal , but the journey .
pull up a chair .
tom told me he liked rain .
i found this in the park .
i didn 't graduate .
you will never be alone again .
what 's wrong with yours ?
tom didn 't know mary was john 's mother .
i guess that 's a good thing .
tom beat mary unconscious .
i want to know where you 're planning to do that .
i 'm going to make this work .
i don 't like chocolate ice cream .
tom asked me about my new job .
i wonder whether tom and mary like to do that or not .
i should 've waited until monday to come back to boston .
i know it wasn 't right for me .
now listen up well , these might well be my last words .
no one asked me what i wanted .
neither tom nor mary has started dating again .
my room is number five .
tom said he 'd expected mary to get back to boston on october 20th .
tom said he thought that mary would be cold .
it is true that he goes abroad every year .
i 'm sure tom and mary want to live with us .
tom doesn 't know what mary ought to do .
we 'll need more than that .
you made an error .
i don 't think that tom has met mary yet .
even a good computer cannot beat you at chess .
what is he up to now ?
tell me what to do with it .
i thought you 'd like her .
do you have any idea what i should do ?
that 's my best guess .
she finished the wolf off .
sami was very upset about layla 's affair .
i 'll be waiting in my car .
he has a good hand .
tom doesn 't think mary will come in this morning .
oh , there isn 't much to tell .
her face was not clear in the poor light .
nobody studied in my country .
tom said mary won 't likely need to do that .
i just want you to shut up .
it 's quite <unk> what this sentence means .
what did you speak about with him ?
tom and mary asked john many times to let them go home early , but he wouldn 't let them .
tom and mary say they aren 't giving up .
i 'm dying for a smoke .
i hoped tom would do that .
my courage failed me at the <unk> moment .
i know what tom likes to drink .
math is the last subject that i want to study .
tom never worked a day in his life .
mary said she 's already done that .
i don 't think tom knows that he 's going to be arrested .
layla and sami 's problems can be <unk> back more than a year .
tom asked me if i knew anybody who spoke french .
i fell in love in an unlikely place .
tom told me he cried .
this shouldn 't be all that hard to do .
i know that tom knows you knows how to do that .
the sooner you give up , the greater the <unk> .
this sort of thing doesn 't usually happen .
it is by no means certain .
my friend likes to live in the city , but his wife prefers to live in their little <unk> in the country .
i like a challenge .
was tom at the funeral ?
my mother put clean <unk> on the bed .
mary is usually with her friends .
do you think we will get there on time ?
tom and mary don 't really live here , do they ?
tom thought that mary was homesick .
tom and mary said they expect to be doing that on monday .
you 're still studying french , aren 't you ?
tell tom that i 'll do it .
these sentences only <unk> with respect to tense .
i think that i 've <unk> a lot of that .
tom has almost completely recovered .
tom shouldn 't have ever tried doing that .
with whom are you spending christmas ?
mary was wearing an <unk> with the image of a squirrel on it .
tom told mary that she did the right thing .
this is what i get paid to do .
i spent a lot of time with them .
tom is the one who told me not to do that anymore .
i hope tom doesn 't find out .
nothing has been burned yet .
i didn 't call tom last night .
we 're great friends .
i know i shouldn 't have asked tom to do that .
we 're not going in there .
tom is both able and willing .
i 'm afraid that tom may have gotten lost .
you 've made me very unhappy .
they ate in silence .
sami has to tell layla what happened .
do you think i 'm lying ?
i 've already had three glasses of wine .
he said he couldn 't do that today .
tom told mary that he could <unk> the future .
tom knows what we did .
you told me you could do it .
i like nothing so much as to watch baseball games on television .
i will do what i need to do .
we 're going to move to boston .
one of tom 's teachers asked tom to stay after school to help clean the classroom .
i was hardly able to see them .
i don 't think that tom is going to make it .
i left my address book in my room .
i know that i shouldn 't have tried to do that by myself .
i 'll pick you up at seven .
the surface of the <unk> object is fairly rough .
tom called mary names to her face .
i didn 't know tom used to be married to mary .
beauty doesn 't say anything about the character of a person .
my father died of cancer .
he 's holding his hat in his hand .
i should be at home right now .
you can 't run away from your fate .
i 'll be with you the whole time .
let 's take a closer look at it .
they need help to understand their office <unk> .
i do so much for you , but you do nothing for me .
tom <unk> in the box to see what was inside .
" what 's the matter ? " " i can 't find my keys . " " which ones ? " " my bicycle ones . "
tom let us know that he didn 't mind driving .
do you think tom will be late ?
we 've come too far to go back now .
i talked a little to <unk> about clothes .
i like dogs , but cats i don 't like .
mary is willing to talk , isn 't she ?
you promised tom you 'd do that .
your father works for a bank , doesn 't he ?
please give me some more coffee .
tom is still taking piano lessons .
did you know tom was seeing somebody else ?
i 'll go do that .
tell tom who 'll do that .
why would there be trouble ?
i can 't go to australia , either .
he is poor , but honest .
would you like some of my food ?
that american movie was a great success .
i wasn 't trying to show off .
even they themselves refused to do it .
tom called his wife to say he 'd be late .
she must pay what she owes .
we love you so much .
sami lost hope yesterday .
that 's not what i want to do .
stay with her .
he was dancing with her .
i 'll need your help .
we have to keep our dog tied .
death is nature 's <unk> for all things .
i warned her to stay away from him .
i had my wallet stolen on the bus .
i need to get more organized .
tomorrow , i 've got an important mission first thing in the morning . i shouldn 't be wasting my time with this .
that 's very generous .
that 's what we don 't know .
tom and mary promised to do everything they could to help me .
sami wanted to bring some change into his life .
tom is probably going to be charged with <unk> .
why must everything be personal ?
tom knew that mary wasn 't likely to be busy .
tom admitted he was lost .
i know that tom won 't be <unk> at doing that than mary .
they told me that they want to do that .
this poem reads like a piece of <unk> .
mary is very strange , isn 't she ?
sami didn 't join layla and farid .
there are all kinds of flowers in that garden .
i didn 't think tom needed any help .
i didn 't tell him the truth because i was afraid of <unk> his feelings .
don 't point your gun at me .
that should 've been expected .
i know tom is afraid to walk through the woods alone .
they say that they plan on going .
tom and mary sat close to the fire .
my grandmother passed away last year .
sleep is better than medicine .
she has everything that she needs .
the law does not apply to the powerful .
i asked tom to tell me why he did that .
tom is no longer in danger .
i 'm definitely feeling better .
i 'm feeling fine , thanks .
did you know tom used to be married to mary ?
tom said that he 's willing to do that for mary .
i doubt that that 's what really happened .
i didn 't think we should do that the way tom told us to .
my house is next to tom 's house .
i want to spend the whole day with you .
i know how to catch birds with my <unk> hands .
tom will never let you win again .
you don 't have to do that today .
to tell you the truth , my biggest worry is what tom will do if he finds out that mary has been killed .
she had to do it even though she didn 't want to .
i 'll be tired when i get home .
don 't bother asking me to go .
you 're no a child anymore .
tom had to defend his reputation .
tom and i are very good friends .
i got <unk> on my way home last night .
i 'd really like to know what that is .
they don 't speak french , do they ?
he finally showed his true colors .
tom has a wife and three daughters .
tom had a rough couple of years .
tom wanted mary to do that by herself .
talking about music is like dancing about <unk> .
i thought that you wouldn 't do that .
i can 't understand why you don 't want to eat with tom .
my heart is french , but my ass is international !
i wish tom wouldn 't keep bothering me .
she will be glad if you go to see her in person .
come to me if you are in difficulties .
i 've studied french for years .
are you leaving soon ?
which animal is small ?
i 'm really happy you could come .
hero as he was , he was not <unk> .
it 's no good his trying to find the true reason .
i only need another few days to make things right .
please remind us to do that tomorrow .
tom looks asleep .
it 's been two weeks since i ate rice .
i haven 't been losing any sleep .
there 's something you need to do .
i no longer want that .
i can 't stand him any more .
mary told me she 's ready to do that .
she was pleased to be treated as a guest .
their eyes were all bright .
the teachers ate lunch with the students .
sami got married .
i think i impressed him .
i 've done this several times before .
tom is probably asleep .
i think your sisters are going to like this book .
tom saw mary walk in and take a seat in the back of the room .
how will you go to boston ?
tom asked mary not to say anything .
tom looks like he 's about to cry .
mary left after she had lunch .
tom said that he thought that you should do that .
do you think tom might do that for us ?
i don 't know if i 'll have time to do that or not .
how is mary ?
i couldn 't decide which shirt to buy , so i didn 't buy either .
this sentence is a mess . was it written by a <unk> ?
tom won 't likely be <unk> about that .
i need to talk to tom and mary about what they said they 'd do .
tom and mary say they 're not planning on going anymore .
i wasn 't having fun .
i thought tom was supposed to do that by himself .
tom is not as smart as me .
a funny thing happened to me on the way here today .
i will go there on foot or by bicycle next time .
i am forced to stay at home .
if you want to know where your heart is , look to where your mind goes when it <unk> .
mary has told me she has to go to boston .
tom told me that he thought mary was determined to do that .
i bet tom knows where mary is .
i once lived in australia .
many people think that <unk> are the most dangerous fish in the ocean .
do you support what tom is doing ?
she will be able to swim soon .
don 't complain , don 't explain .
they said that they thought i was cute .
tom decided to go back to school .
do we still need to do this ?
i hope that i can visit australia in the near future .
i know it 's going to be worth it .
tom sat down to read a novel .
they are in trouble . can you help them ?
are you going to hurt them ?
the apples he sent me were delicious .
i don 't want to <unk> you my father .
tom told me that he thought mary was interested .
we recognized tom .
i don 't think that anyone noticed what tom was doing .
it isn 't as hot today as it was yesterday .
how hard would that be ?
i know we can 't do that .
i 've only just arrived .
they 've got something for us .
he always leaves the window open when he sleeps .
i love you the way you are .
we didn 't think was going to happen .
tom said that he 's trying to hide mary .
age is not important , unless you are either cheese or wine .
you were pretty lucky .
tom and mary say they aren 't planning to go anywhere .
she got her daughter a personal computer .
tom and mary didn 't actually do what they said they 'd do .
quickly !
tom is swimming in the river .
who 'll handle this problem ?
it 's started already .
you aren 't going to believe what happened to tom .
tom said that 's what he wants to do .
you might want to try studying in the library .
i know a few things .
we want tom to help us tomorrow night .
we offered him the house for $ <unk> .
we 've been patient .
i have dinner between seven and eight .
mary was hoping she could help tom .
i 'll go , even if it rains tomorrow .
we were all thirsty .
why aren 't you in boston now ?
she probably knew who i was .
my grandmother can ride a motorcycle .
the station is three kilometers from here .
don 't speak all at the same time .
as is often the case , she 's not here .
would it make any sense to do that ?
do you really think we 're that stupid ?
tom was stealing money for the last two years , and mary knew it all the time .
i 'm very grateful to you for your help .
the universe is full of secrets .
i have to call him .
i think actions are more important than words .
mary didn 't want to tell tom how old she was .
let 's give tom a lift .
tom got here less than ten minutes ago .
sami didn 't know how to be a muslim .
how did you get tom to quit drinking ?
i 'm going to live in boston for at least three more years .
they make a great couple .
sami and layla are about to have lunch .
it isn 't necessary to take all of that medicine .
did you tell tom why you want mary to do that ?
tom said that mary looked pale .
i didn 't know that tom expected me to do that .
sami 's restaurant was still open .
drinking too much is bad for your health .
how lucky i am !
being <unk> doesn 't make you better than me .
tom got jealous when he saw mary talking to a handsome guy .
we have some doubt as to whether he has chosen the right course .
tom decided to buy mary a pair of <unk> for her birthday .
success is never blamed .
i figured that tom wouldn 't know the answer .
tom didn 't know mary could swim .
he told me that he 's ticklish .
i won 't give my test back to the teacher .
i 've been honest with tom .
i trust you .
i think tom wouldn 't be absent if he knew how important this meeting was .
did you get wet ?
that 's really good .
tom and mary got jobs in boston teaching french .
mary assured us that she won 't do that again .
how many books a month do you read ?
how did it feel ?
is there a place for tom ?
tom <unk> about how well his son was doing at school .
i 'm not listening .
everybody came to an agreement .
what did you ask tom ?
what tom likes most is <unk> on the rocks .
i 'm pretty sure that tom now lives in australia .
would it be ok to ask tom to sing another song ?
tom has the right to vote .
can i ask her a question ?
do i or don 't i want the extra responsibility of <unk> a beard ?
this book sells very well .
that 's his private website .
i think tom will late .
you will regret this !
i didn 't know that tom didn 't really have to do that .
my little brother can read english .
i know its a <unk> while off but here are a few <unk> for where to meet .
why can 't you watch where you 're going ?
i 'm not working for them .
you leave because of me .
sami and layla 's relationship problems started to create some <unk> at the office .
tom and mary are doing exactly what john asked them to do .
i 've decided not to go to boston tomorrow .
do you remember when tom and mary said they were planning to do that ?
tom and mary are going to do that as soon as they can .
mary said she 's not doing it .
tom isn 't the only one here who can play the <unk> .
neither tom nor mary has been friendly to me .
don 't move too quickly .
tom is doing all right .
most students are preparing for the final <unk> .
tom is looking very pleased with himself .
i 'm glad to see that you 're studying harder than you used to .
why don 't you get a real job ?
no one seemed afraid .
please pass me the salt .
we already have enough to worry about .
many countries have problems with poverty .
" are you hungry ? " " no , i am not hungry , because i ate sandwiches at school . "
tom could have walked away .
i still think we should have gone to boston with tom .
tom is looking at the floor .
i don 't give a <unk> about it !
i have a son in junior high school .
let 's go if it 's not raining .
you seem excited .
i don 't want to work tomorrow .
they swore that they 'd quit smoking .
there 's a rumor going around that you two are dating .
she is rich , to be sure , but i don 't think she 's very smart .
do you know how to use a personal computer ?
tom said that he hopes mary will help him .
it 's a great place to visit if you watch yourself .
i 've been to australia several times this year .
you know that you can count on me .
why do you come to me ?
this is the first time i 've ever shouted at <unk> .
don 't give it to anyone .
something smells good .
sami and layla live on the same island .
japan , for the most part , is a lovely place to live in .
there is no time to lose : my test is tomorrow .
tell tom i 'm sorry i made you late .
who are you calling <unk> ? ! at the very least i certainly don 't remember being sweet !
tom isn 't as strong as i am .
i don 't think tom will be <unk> .
i wanted to save this for a special <unk> .
he gets to work by bus ?
i was very impressed with tom .
she devoted herself to mission work in africa .
the stock has gone down over night .
i 'm not ready to be a mother .
tom told mary that he was motivated to do that .
who knows what all this will come to .
i need to get out of this place .
tom and mary wondered why they 'd never seen john here before .
tom says he didn 't do anything wrong .
when i say that this <unk> is <unk> , i don 't mean that you can catch it with your hands and handle it as you like . big <unk> don 't attack people unless they are <unk> , and they should not be taken for toys .
sami went to school like this .
mary promised she 'd speak french .
you knew tom would be able to do that , didn 't you ?
layla is so beautiful and so thin .
tom refused to wait for mary .
i haven 't been feeling great since this morning .
please promise that you 'll never lie to me again .
tom should have been able to do that .
sami said something along the lines : " hey , how are you ? "
i can 't tell one <unk> from the other .
tomorrow , i 'm going to study at the library .
tom got dressed and put on his shoes .
tom is the one who built this house .
i hope tom is coming .
i will not be disappointed .
he put his boots on .
tom <unk> to live in australia for more than a year .
not coming on time is very bad .
there 's only one solution .
i don 't think tom and mary know how bad it is .
i can 't lift boxes over thirty <unk> .
for them , it was the end .
i finished writing .
it 's very easy to become famous when you 're very <unk> .
it can only be her .
tom won 't be able to do everything mary asked him to do .
everyone but me laughed .
tom said that he didn 't think that mary really did what john said she did .
tom hasn 't <unk> live in a long time .
and you call this a meeting room ?
do you want some more rice ?
tom blew up the <unk> and gave them to his children .
sami left the club in his car .
there is not enough butter .
mary says she wants to change .
don 't let him get away .
these glasses are tom 's .
tom is back in boston .
tom doesn 't seem to be as careless as mary seems to be .
you should do that now while you have the chance .
he is without doubt one of the most successful <unk> in japan .
mary will eat when she gets home .
who did your hair ?
tom took the job that mary offered him .
it is <unk> whether she will come on time .
i don 't want a dog .
tom left through the front door .
we really shouldn 't have <unk> with tom .
that just blew me away .
i 'm having trouble sleeping .
is it really tom ?
dan saw linda crying near the pay phone .
i know tom will be doing that soon .
the child came near being drowned .
do you think that this is fair ?
sami has never got a good job .
when are you leaving for america ?
it looks like tom is about to start crying .
tom said that he was very glad that we could be there .
you may as well start at once as stay here .
i found the keys i thought i 'd lost .
maybe tom will help us find mary .
your hair looks just fine .
tom says that he 's never been to boston .
tom has an appointment with the doctor on friday .
sami won 't be able to do it .
tom said that he was asked not to do that .
i don 't care why mary did that . i 'm just glad she did .
what made tom want to do that ?
i forgot to remind tom that he had to do that .
i don 't like it when people say no to me .
you 've given me nothing i can use .
is he better today ?
i want to know what you think this is .
tom says he feels a lot better today .
tom said he didn 't have the time or the <unk> to do that .
is anyone out there with her ?
i have the impression that she has fallen in love with me . what should i do ?
mary is my kind of girl .
why did the lawyer lose in the argument ?
you do look a lot like him .
tom and mary aren 't invited .
tom once slept in an old <unk> bed .
we hardly even talk anymore .
i suspect that tom didn 't really want to do that with mary .
your dream was so beautiful .
he said that he 's not yet thirty .
call your mother .
i hope you 'll say yes .
wouldn 't you rather watch the baseball game ?
i 'd better tell tom .
tom and i are going to boston next week .
the cold war may have ended , but the fear of war has not yet been removed from the minds of men .
i like meat , but eggs do not agree with me .
compared with his brother , he is not so intelligent .
tom will go to boston tomorrow , won 't he ?
sami had dark hair .
you shouldn 't make fun of her .
do you really think this is going to work ?
a poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman .
neither tom nor mary has been living alone for very long .
tom has been trying to lose weight .
i heard they caught them .
she said she was jealous .
keep silent , or i will throw you out of here .
it 's really not that expensive .
tom says he can 't imagine life without mary .
i think tom did that with mary .
how important is it for you to make a lot of money ?
i told the story that my mom told me to my daughter .
why are you crying ? it 's just a movie !
tom gave mary his business card .
well in that case , i 'll do whatever you say .
tom didn 't seem to have everything he needed .
i remember that night .
i should like to see the trees from which you picked these apples .
it does not become us to be <unk> or <unk> away here while the master is expected .
she would have liked to <unk> in , but could not do such a thing .
i need to get her to a doctor .
all the hot guys are already taken .
i think we should try a little harder .
is tom local ?
do you think tom and mary are still outside ?
sami wanted his daughter to be happy .
we must trust our guide .
tom let his guard down .
you can 't help now . it 's too late .
if this is your knife , then i have lost mine .
we can 't leave him behind .
i want to handle the problem myself .
mary says she doesn 't think she can do that by herself .
i went with tom yesterday .
tom and mary didn 't think john would allow them to do that .
would you like to play a game ?
she said she 'd come back later .
tom hasn 't done that as often as mary has .
he isn 't as fat as he used to be .
tom told me he was lazy .
mary said she felt confused .
she bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket .
i know that tom and mary are innocent .
tom had dinner with his grandfather .
mary is never on time , is she ?
why is it not talked about in schools ?
" it 's that i want to buy a camera , but <unk> " " if it 's <unk> you 're talking about , i know a good place . "
tom admitted that he was scared .
you 're a much better singer than tom is .
open the window and let in some fresh air .
it was <unk> , so it was hard to make out the <unk> of people walking .
sami sent layla a private message .
tom is planning to meet his friends at the local <unk> .
you and i are very good friends .
sami was a sweet person but he was dirty .
tom and i don 't trust each other .
i thought that you said we weren 't going to be here .
tom was the last one to leave the office .
sami came along when i was in <unk> grade .
we took a taxi so we wouldn 't be late .
both tom and mary are afraid of john 's dog .
tom and i 'll have to do that even if we don 't want to .
layla put the money in a <unk> box .
we can handle these <unk> , we are used to them .
i 've been <unk> my serve for weeks .
he doesn 't run .
john makes fun of his dog .
what do i have to be afraid of ?
somebody invited me to have sex and i agreed .
all is good .
i feel like i 'm seeing the light for the first time .
tom told mary that he thought john wasn 't suspicious .
he returned home a moment ago .
i think that tom 's interested in mary .
tom and mary said they intend to do that .
sami suddenly changed his mind .
tell tom it 's urgent .
tom didn 't think mary would likely do that .
i remember that i gave him the key .
i should 've told tom why i was late .
tom looked in through the window .
where were you when all this happened ?
you 'll be very impressed .
who do you usually go to the movies with ?
what layla was good with was her <unk> .
i think tom already knows why mary needed to do that .
do you think tom is guilty ?
well , i always have time for a friend . they know they can count on me .
tom knows he has a problem .
tom is losing his hair .
i need to sell my house .
you did what you promised to do for us .
i 've never seen her before in my life .
i hardly ever buy anything other than food .
tom thought that mary would likely refuse to do that .
" we are in the middle of a war " , said the president .
both mom and dad went to work .
i 've been helping them .
they 're strong .
tom <unk> me not to forget my umbrella .
you can feel safe here in the house .
he 's making himself a sandwich .
tom 's desperate .
tom is likely going to be prepared .
i wonder what made tom think that mary was the one who did that ?
i don 't have money to buy a new bike for myself .
i don 't think tom has as much money as i do .
why did you ask for my opinion if you 'd already made up your mind anyway ?
tom and mary said they couldn 't believe anybody .
tom is always very busy , isn 't he ?
i went into the town in search of a good restaurant .
they 'll start their new jobs on monday .
you have a point .
tom said he didn 't understand anything .
mary seems to have a lot on her mind .
tom said that he was willing to do that for us .
i think tom and mary are going to do that soon .
they 're correct .
i miss tom so much .
what is ken eating ?
i 'm sorry for being so stupid .
tom and mary seem to be having a great time .
let 's play a game .
it 's a pity tom isn 't with us today .
my parents are healthy .
tom 's parents have five children : three sons and two daughters .
tom and mary don 't see why they should do that .
tom is the only one in our family who doesn 't have a driver 's license .
i am proud of being a doctor .
tom and john both said they wished they hadn 't let mary kiss them .
tom threw his old wallet away .
sami sent layla a picture right away .
that happens to us a lot .
have you fed the dog this morning ?
i told tom i didn 't know any other way to do that .
other than that , i 've been doing well .
i told mary that she should drive to boston .
the story is awful .
i like this girl .
mary hasn 't bought her ticket yet .
i hope you agree with this translation .
i wished i 'd known tom better .
it 's not our will that makes us act , but our imagination .
tom , stop it , ok ?
do you take credit cards ?
i don 't think that tom will be strict .
mary said she didn 't have to be back until next monday .
there is something i must know .
mary says she hopes tom can take care of himself .
he knows the secret .
i didn 't have a very good time .
we 're cooking .
do you want to walk to the station with me ?
that 's not good enough for him .
bring me a cup of coffee .
tom will never be able to keep up with us .
i was tired and hungry , and so was everyone else .
i paid for them .
tom 's teacher suspected tom had cheated on the test .
i like what i like .
tom wanted to get a <unk> on his chest .
tom said that there was a party at your place tonight .
did mary know we wanted her to do that ?
we were in last place .
what a great dinner !
don 't fail me , tom .
i 'll go to bed early .
you didn 't tell me you knew tom 's address .
i 'm planning to send tom a birthday present .
she closed the door and went to the first floor .
it is pleasant to watch a <unk> old couple .
tom tried to kiss me once .
is anybody on the line ?
i 'm sorry that i 'm dressed like this .
my grandfather 's painting is on the wall .
in order to lose weight , it is best to take up some sport .
she showed me her new guitar .
the man with whom she is talking is mr <unk> .
tom says you 're good at tennis .
we all know that tom doesn 't want to do that .
you don 't know how much i appreciate this .
i 'm the one who gave tom that black eye .
tom is sitting at the counter with mary .
tom assumed the train would be on time .
i used to look up to him , but not anymore .
" make us a <unk> , tom , " said mary . " and put a record on while you 're at it ! "
do you want to know who that girl is ?
i 'm looking for my pen .
i wonder whether tom and mary are being <unk> .
we kept hanging in there .
tom and mary can 't just do whatever they want .
the old man is angry and bitter .
i used to play a lot of tennis .
i was pretty sick on monday .
tom hasn 't written me back .
mary said she did that for tom .
do you really want me to tell her ?
tom and mary said that they knew the area well .
try to do it to the best of your <unk> .
tom doesn 't have many photos of himself as a baby .
tom opened the door and went out .
did mary say what she was planning to do this evening ?
tom and mary don 't know how to explain how they did that .
tom didn 't seem interested in doing that .
tom has never been kissed by mary .
tom lost a book .
soccer is good .
their attitude is very ridiculous !
give a man a fish and he 'll have dinner for a night ; teach a man to fish and he will have dinner for a <unk> .
tom said that he didn 't think that it was a good idea to allow mary to do that .
he has broken the record .
can i go back now ?
tom doesn 't mind doing that for you .
tom attended the party yesterday .
tom managed to make time to visit mary while he was in boston .
i knew tom was a lot younger than he said he was .
i definitely want to do that today .
the guy i met on the bus told me his name was tom .
tom didn 't tell me anything about that .
sami used to hear sounds coming from the ceiling of his room .
sami hasn 't even gone to college yet .
mary is getting dressed in her room .
mary said that her bus was late .
tom won 't be expecting us .
i don 't think this kind of cheese is very expensive .
tom has already gone to bed .
i didn 't eat rice .
books are the windows through which the soul looks out .
he can speak spanish .
give me a reason .
though the best be in sight , / it 's the worst i <unk> tight .
when tom told mary that he wanted to become a pilot , she laughed .
tom rarely watches tv .
i never spoke to him after that .
tom asked mary to ask john to do that .
i know tom doesn 't know i need to do that .
that is my father 's first letter .
i know that tom knows he shouldn 't do that .
sami was trying to calm the baby down .
tom and mary wanted to live close to where they worked .
i need to feed him .
tom has been kind of quiet .
i think you need to see him .
mary told me she 'd try .
we ran all the way to the station .
i stayed here all summer .
tom said that mary is innocent .
mary said that she saw tom eating at a picnic table in the park .
she should listen more to other people .
he 's exactly your type .
sami couldn 't stop thinking about layla .
how did you handle the situation ?
mary is foolish , isn 't she ?
he sounded a little disappointed .
tom wanted to buy mary a present .
you agreed to ask tom to do that , didn 't you ?
it 's great to be able to be here .
it is strange that she should go home so early .
tom thinks mary may win .
i shouldn 't have told her .
everybody was late except me .
mary would do that herself if she knew how .
tom and mary denied they stole the money .
it is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair .
i could not control my anger .
sami found that so hard to describe in words .
layla 's date paid for the food .
while the <unk> was being made , the president was taking notes .
tom and mary said john was their uncle .
do you believe me ?
i 'd do it again .
they are pleased to see me suffering .
i think that i 'll enjoy doing that .
the truth will be got at before long .
i 've lost weight .
tom agreed to ask mary to do that .
i know tom is almost ready to go .
tom wanted to prepare a special dinner for mary 's birthday .
you 're home early .
you never even have to see tom .
you really should have visited boston .
i think this is the way it should be done .
just take a deep breath .
tom and mary have told john that he doesn 't need to do that .
i wanted to replace it anyway .
i always liked tom better .
we tried that .
i wasn 't able to catch the ball .
i think tom is too old to be dating my daughter .
it 's one of my favorite movies .
tom told mary john wouldn 't eat out tonight .
she said that she wants more details .
you sound really angry .
it 's lovely weather today .
he isn 't as naive as he used to be .
without her contact <unk> , she can 't see clearly .
the reason tom isn 't here is because he had to go to boston for a funeral .
tom and mary put milk in their coffee .
i 'm to go there today .
" will you be able to do that today ? " " i think so . "
i want to ask her something .
i thought that tom might not be permitted to do that today .
stay here and look after her .
tom is on a diet because he 's overweight .
he looked like he was relaxed .
is there any more water ?
i don 't think tom knows that i know .
tom and mary are talking together .
tom is angry now , isn 't he ?
i want tom to know the truth .
tom said that last night 's concert was three hours .
we 'll start as soon as possible .
many <unk> have been carried out in this field .
tom wanted mary to understand why he couldn 't stay .
i don 't think tom will be interested .
he said he felt guilty .
tom knew nothing .
aren 't you going to eat that <unk> ?
i may not be able to sing tonight . i have a sore throat .
sami wanted to try something new .
tom thought i might have to do that today .
i didn 't think you 'd be <unk> .
everybody but tom knew that he didn 't have to stay in boston .
tom and mary say they don 't want to talk about that .
layla was absolutely scared .
mary is important , isn 't she ?
your opinions are out of touch with reality .
if you eat well , you 're likely to live longer .
why not just tell him ?
can you show me ?
tom was in the shower .
the glass is filled with milk .
tom got almost everything he needed .
tom still doesn 't look so good .
tom is beautiful , isn 't he ?
he told her about his plan .
do you think we have any chance of winning ?
tom lost his favorite cap .
i was surprised tom didn 't need to do what everyone else needed to do .
there 's nobody here by that name .
i heard that you want to learn how to speak french .
i know why tom got suspicious .
tom gave me one last chance .
the <unk> national park is one of the most beautiful places on earth .
tom and mary said they hoped they 'd be able to do that .
mary told me she likes chinese food .
what do they know that we don 't ?
it 'll probably be interesting for tom to do that .
tom could still be there .
we 're not sure tom and mary are coming .
could you call again later , please ?
you 've seen something , haven 't you ?
yes , i think so too .
this is home now .
i cannot lift such a heavy car .
i have been in his <unk> for just twenty years .
i know this is difficult for you .
i was going to ask you the same thing .
tom is going to be happy here .
tom 's grandfather passed away last monday .
i should have told tom why he needed to leave .
tom should tell mary what he wants to eat .
he is sure to succeed .
tom must like doing that .
tom told john that he would ask mary to the dance only if john asked alice .
i 'm hoping i 'll be given a second chance .
she said that she was very confused .
i think that tom will ask me to do that .
tom speaks fairly quickly .
are you fucking around ?
i really don 't want to walk there if i don 't have to .
i must be losing my mind .
he wants his money today .
tom and i weren 't there .
why did she choose such a subject ?
that doesn 't really matter .
tom told me he thought that mary was <unk> .
he left his ticket at home .
i 'm traveling alone .
i don 't know whether tom still lives here or not .
he would sit for hours reading detective stories .
i had a meeting with him .
that 's probably not a good idea .
someone like you won 't be able to do that .
mary doesn 't put sugar in her coffee .
tom told mary john wasn 't able to do that .
i thought i told you not to call tom at school .
tom said that he needed to give mary one more warning before he could fire her .
sami was the victim of a murder .
everybody hide !
no one knew it .
i don 't think tom knows i 'm not single anymore .
does tom still like cats ?
tom says he and his friends were just there to help .
did you know tom very well ?
i think tom and mary are finished doing that .
tom has been looking forward to spending some time with mary .
when did tom go to the market ?
tom , you don 't do that , do you ?
it took a great deal of time to <unk> the data .
have you ever failed a class ?
i didn 't realize you knew him .
tom didn 't come here alone tonight , did he ?
can someone tell me why tom is angry ?
tom should be back by october .
he was completely wrong .
i used to come here with my friends .
tom said he didn 't recommend doing that .
are there any girls here you haven 't met yet ?
tom was <unk> losing his job by talking to his boss that way .
tom said that he learned how to do that the hard way .
tom walked towards the stairs .
sami got into the attic .
have you ever drank alcohol before ?
we were comfortable .
layla doesn 't even know what a <unk> is .
he has another son .
sami poured a glass of juice .
while all horses are animals , not all animals are horses .
i hate it when you say that .
tom might be gone by the time we get there .
i didn 't know tom was supposed to help you do that .
you 're not my real parents .
what are you going to make ?
ask tom if mary can do that .
tom spends every weekend at his uncle 's .
tom and mary have told me they 're planning on doing that .
" i 'll be back in a minute , " he added .
sami met layla at six in the afternoon .
i know those girls over there quite well .
which movie did you watch ?
i should 've known better than to do that .
he prefers the quiet .
i didn 't call tom back .
a fire broke out last night .
this one 's ok .
does tom like french ?
but while i am here , do you think you could replace the <unk> ?
without the idea of god there is no clever answer to the question about the reason for the existence of the universe .
i 'm going to head home .
i knew tom wasn 't a bad <unk> .
sami has been keeping a secret .
i didn 't object .
now everyone has one .
they said they may possibly do that .
my mother looks young for her age .
that company is , in effect , <unk> .
we 'll be there in no time .
tom and mary said that they were still afraid .
sami happened to be black .
we killed time by playing cards .
this isn 't really true .
i 'm used to these things .
you need what i have .
you were so nice to me , and i had a really pleasant trip . thanks so much .
it has been a pleasure to meet you , mr. and mrs. <unk> . here is my card .
tom and mary said that they weren 't coming .
tom has been gone too long .
they 're coming right now .
it looks lovely after having been painted red .
everyone seemed afraid .
no matter how cold it was , he never wore an <unk> .
how old is your child ?
i 'll let tom drive .
tom is still online .
i told tom i made a mistake .
i know that tom wouldn 't be motivated to do that .
i love being your teacher .
the cook put the food in the dumb waiter .
take three at a time .
will you do that or won 't you ?
tom is committed to <unk> the decisions made by mary .
you won 't be <unk> that where you 're going .
i need to do that before 2 : 30 .
she succeeded in drawing the truth from him .
tom said he didn 't think really happened .
tom is thirty minutes behind schedule .
i was a second <unk> in the special forces .
could you direct me to the bus stop ?
what is it with you and her ?
i thought that it 'd be worth it .
tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left in his garage .
tom wasn 't seriously wounded .
you and i both know tom doesn 't enjoy watching baseball on tv .
what happened to our order ?
i know tom isn 't the only one who needs to do that .
mary knows what she did was a mistake .
what time does the play begin ?
old people need something to live for .
i often enjoy listening to classical music after supper .
tom knows what you 're thinking .
you 've never kissed tom , have you ?
doesn 't it feel good ?
you eat well in france .
i didn 't realize that tom was the one who did that .
we just want the truth .
it was very cold .
they said they 'd wait .
would that be nice ?
what time did he ask for your <unk> ?
nothing happened except that i <unk> a tiny bit of information .
i didn 't understand the point of this .
were you here last week ?
tom and mary walked down the stairs together .
please turn down the music .
i don 't think that i like tom as much as you do .
tom says you 've never been to boston .
tom wasn 't happy with the results .
who is there ?
i think i can do that better than you .
i decided not to eat .
i told her i 'd keep it secret , so i 've kept that to myself .
i found it difficult to please him .
tom tried to keep that from happening .
be patient , be patient . things will get better .
we went to australia last year .
sami knew that layla was in danger .
tom is a mystery .
how did you first meet her ?
tom didn 't want to go to the doctor .
tom thought that mary didn 't like him anymore .
is it too difficult ?
i was at a party with some friends when i met tom .
doing that would be a very bad idea .
when mary told her parents she wanted to marry tom , they said they wouldn 't attend the wedding .
tom doesn 't want to be in australia in october .
i was as surprised by tom 's <unk> as you were .
where can i catch the number 7 bus ?
i don 't have to help tom .
come on , let 's do that again .
i thought you weren 't supposed to do that by yourself .
i hate it when my parents fight .
i had to buy a new pair of boots .
" a " is the first of all letters <unk> god is the first of everything in the world .
have you figured out what went wrong ?
does tom think he 'll be able to attend the meeting ?
i think tom could be the boss if he wanted to be .
were you aware that tom is in the hospital ?
i don 't think it gets any better than that !
tom is beginning to lose his hearing .
don 't look into my room .
i have a few things i still need to do .
tell tom to shut up .
the supermarket is out of business .
did you really hire someone to kill tom ?
you 'll be the only one allowed to do that .
i love this sweater .
mary is never late for work , is she ?
tom is making mary something for her birthday .
the united states will <unk> from the paris agreement .
he has no idea how lucky he is .
you don 't seem relieved .
you may eat cheese whenever you want .
many <unk> make good use of frozen food .
he helps you to write it .
tom and mary <unk> dinner saying they were too tired to eat .
do you want this door closed ?
tom accepted the invitation .
mary couldn 't do everything she had to do .
sami was at the opposite end of the house .
tom isn 't quite ready to go .
we need to put a stop to this <unk> .
tom seemed to have recovered .
my idea of that place is not very clear .
i suspect tom isn 't planning to go to australia with you .
tom and mary say they aren 't angry .
esperanto is a huge waste of time .
we may go to boston next summer .
tom and mary said that they 'd like to do that .
i think that tom won 't be reluctant to do that .
since i wasn 't hungry , i only ordered coffee .
the man and his wife helped each other .
all tom and mary wanted was for john to leave them alone .
you have my thanks .
i 'm sorry . <unk> is not there for the moment .
tom said he didn 't want to argue .
i was here last night .
i like you more than i like him .
she trusted me and she would tell me anything .
tom is the tallest person that i know .
tom and i are going to australia for a conference .
layla was the <unk> and most beautiful girl i have ever met .
sami was too scared to tell that story .
i didn 't tell you to fire him .
the wind blew up her skirt .
who did you receive that book from ?
the man carrying a violin seemed upset .
he had a confused look on his face .
tom sometimes reads on his bed .
have you ever seen tom and mary do that ?
we 'll see .
jump !
mary said she thought tom looked nervous .
that was the most interesting novel that i had ever read .
i checked upstairs . she 's not there .
tom certainly looks like he 's rich .
this summer i went on vacation in <unk> .
tom says he 's <unk> three different women named mary .
i wish i knew where tom lived .
i got accustomed to living alone .
i am looking forward to hearing from you .
i wonder if it could happen again .
his mother 's at home . he 's at school .
behave yourself while i 'm gone .
she had a happy childhood .
they looked for their names on the list .
an <unk> part of our behavior is learned .
we have been invited to dinner this evening .
i would rather read a book at home than go out tonight .
why did sami decide to <unk> to islam ?
i thought you looked sad .
i wanted to see for myself .
why do people say that ?
tom wanted to be buried beside his dogs .
you could go back to australia if you wanted to .
that was all i needed to know .
why did tom have to die ?
tom had different ideas .
tom and mary express themselves very well .
the princess fell in love with the prince <unk> .
tom felt guilty about yelling at his daughter .
we 're going for a walk .
we don 't have any bread left .
he ate breakfast by himself .
you can sit anywhere you like .
tom probably won 't have to do that anymore .
that 's what 's crazy .
i thought everyone here liked tom .
i may as well go out than stay at home .
sami didn 't hear any screaming .
the author is <unk> , but he 's no less <unk> than he was twenty years ago .
tom can 't speak very much french .
he 's very strong .
i sold the best <unk> that i had .
are you sure tom said he was planning to do that tomorrow ?
let 's take it from the top .
i thought tom would stop doing that .
tom asked mary to teach him how to drive .
it is easier than i thought .
the " subject " is the person or object to carry out the action in the sentence . <unk> to japanese it would be the part that end in " <unk> " or " <unk> " .
sami came down from the attic .
i 'm a little worried about you .
mary says she owes tom $ 300 .
i wasn 't kidding about that .
as the <unk> says , " time is money . "
of course our <unk> is different from america .
he begged his father to buy him a bicycle .
if only i were younger .
when you are driving , you should slow down on <unk> .
dan didn 't even do drugs .
tom flew to australia to attend his son 's wedding .
did you really understand it ?
you 've got plenty of time .
i really want to go to egypt .
i don 't think that i need to worry about tom .
did you recognize him ?
what are you kids doing ?
i didn 't think i would be lonely .
you suggested that i not do that .
they thought that they were going to be shot .
are you going to see tom tonight ?
will you wash my shirt ?
it 's too dangerous .
tom says it 's up to mary .
she asked how to cook fish .
how can you say that you have nothing to wear ? your closet is full of clothes .
i remember doing that somewhere .
nobody is here .
tom said that he 's been feeling sick .
tom is cleaning the hall with a <unk> .
i can 't drive at night .
tom is calling mary names .
we could 've helped her .
i don 't want to eat <unk> anymore .
what do you think is the best christmas present for a woman ?
you took the sheep to the market .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was sleepy .
why did tom want to learn french ?
let 's take the stairs .
mary says she didn 't do anything wrong .
tom isn 't amused .
sami failed to appear at his court date .
the history of some words is a real <unk> . for <unk> , <unk> . the original word was the latin " <unk> " - " a head " ; and the way from " a head " to " the end of everything " is rather long .
it 's been very quiet .
you may as well see the doctor at once .
tom left his children alone at home .
they say they 're prepared to do that .
do you want to come over tonight ?
tom didn 't want to help .
i must obey her .
you 'll probably get injured if you do that the way tom told you to .
tom said he 'd never go back to australia .
i 've been under <unk> pressure to resign .
i don 't think tom and mary have any plans for tomorrow .
this is the <unk> weather in ten years .
everyone knows you 're rich .
how many different pieces are there in japanese chess ?
i could do with some water .
tom said that he was planning to do that in boston next summer .
why can 't you get one ?
pressure is the <unk> of force and area .
i know tom is the only one who doesn 't need to do that .
i didn 't think tom would agree with you .
i cannot cook at all .
tom advised mary not to buy a used car .
tom saw mary sitting at a table with another man .
my mother told me to <unk> the lawn .
i 'm the last person tom would want to see .
sami can 't even make eye contact with me .
i 'm going to allow tom and mary to do whatever they want to do .
tom will probably tell mary to go home early .
you didn 't know i had to do that today , did you ?
i know tom isn 't a very talented <unk> .
<unk> sat at the far end of the table .
tom said that he 's glad that you were able to win .
i was made out to be a liar .
tom didn 't eat any more than usual .
tom knew mary wanted john to ask alice not to do that .
tom said that mary looked like she was happy .
put some music on .
i wonder who tom got that from .
you are very fond of the lunch <unk> of this restaurant .
we 'll have to camp out if we can 't find a place to stay .
tom couldn 't put his thoughts in order .
would it be ok if i did this later ?
sami 's job didn 't pay much .
tom said he thought that mary might be permitted to do that by herself .
don 't fear being put upon . fear instead being unable to help .
tom said that mary was going to be here .
are tom and mary ready to do that ?
tom knocked the vase off the table .
sami never seemed to really get along with layla .
hurry up or we 'll miss the train !
we don 't care .
sami was arrested .
he 's considering his options .
tom and i are the ones who are supposed to be doing that .
i heard that tom didn 't swim very often when he was a kid .
and who claimed it would be easy ?
don 't pick at your food .
this was something that tom was not used to .
<unk> to the question as to whether there was an explosion at the <unk> factory , he said : " yes , there was . but it wasn 't the explosion we <unk> it to be . it was an explosion of <unk> . "
i shouldn 't do that here .
tom is more popular than me .
he thought he had to do that .
tom <unk> mary do anything she wants to do .
that was the difference .
there 's not much i can do for you .
tom moved away from mary .
tom can 't imagine living without mary by his side .
obviously .
helping him was a mistake .
put your toys away .
both of them said they would come .
i fell in love with a girl i met in boston last year .
doing that will be a lot harder than you think it 'll be .
she has a safe in her office .
i let tom watch a little tv after he finished his homework .
my grandmother was a nurse .
tom and mary had their house painted white .
tom wants us to go to boston to visit john .
please find out when tom and mary plan on staying here with us .
focus on the goal . everything else is a <unk> .
this does not square with your story .
i told tom to stay with it .
they built a small village on an island .
tom and mary said they didn 't want to work <unk> .
tom said he had a cold .
tom thinks that if he 'd tried a little harder , he could have won the race .
one hour of sleep before midnight is better than two <unk> .
mary knew that she wasn 't going to be able to convince tom to do that .
mary says she was born in australia .
could you show me how to do that ?
i looked outside through the window .
he said he wanted us to do that .
i suspect tom and mary are curious .
who teaches you english conversation ?
what 's your favorite girl 's name ?
what else could you possibly give me that i don 't already have ?
i don 't want to give any more <unk> .
tom has already finished breakfast .
all that i want is you !
i didn 't know that tom knew anyone who was able to do that .
it 's very hard not to be angry today .
you should have seen the look on your face .
tom left out no details .
she would often take a trip when she was young .
mary is sure that she 'll be able to pass the test .
do you want to leave tomorrow ?
do you want a drink or not ?
your mind doesn 't seem to be on your work .
tom and mary said they didn 't have the energy to do that .
let 's go see her now .
tom wouldn 't give me what i needed .
if the sale price is good , tom said he might buy two <unk> of shoes .
mary didn 't seem to mind sitting by herself .
tom and mary may eat anything they want .
he will learn these things not so much from what the other man says as from how he says it .
he thought that he could win .
maybe it would be better not to talk too much about the past .
you don 't remember , do you ?
tom had a choice to make .
show us the way .
are you drinking enough ?
tom seemed to want to help mary .
tom and mary are going to be punished if they do that again .
if you don 't keep quiet i 'll <unk> you in the nose .
tom and mary will be very careful when they do that .
i 'm afraid of having the wrong number .
it is fun to translate sentences !
tom and mary admitted that they were the ones who stole john 's bicycle .
the doctors did not believe he was in danger of dying .
tom told mary that john was sick in bed .
we 'll help him , but not now .
where did you take your glasses off ?
money can 't buy everything .
tom should 've left early .
it was rather easy for them .
tom isn 't an actor .
tom and mary haven 't been able to do that since their accident .
he 's been living off his father 's financial support for ten years now .
the question is can you do everything we 've asked you to do .
<unk> said : without music , life would be a mistake .
tom is now staying at his <unk> 's house .
all the money spent , we started looking for work .
we were given the <unk> to use the liberty .
" look what i just bought . " " what is it ? "
i thought that you would be able to do that .
tom said that he was very drunk .
it will be my pleasure !
sami threw up again and it was a lot .
tom said that he feels like crying .
these gloves kept her hands warm .
my wedding has to be perfect .
you took me by surprise .
layla made a good choice .
how serious i looked !
i thought the questions were easy .
she said to me , ' i 'll go out and buy cookies . '
mary told tom she waited for him all morning
he found what he was looking for .
tom has lived here for thirty years .
she let him drive on his own .
birds fly in the sky .
don 't get <unk> with me young lady !
i 'm not chicken .
i was in paris with my wife .
these large <unk> are too big to fail .
i see mary every time she comes to boston .
how do we know that ?
do you have time for one more question ?
tom will forgive mary .
tom is never going to permit mary to do that again , is he ?
we 've taken a long hard look at your <unk> <unk> and decided to buy some of the weed that you smoke .
i made you a birthday cake .
tom knew all that .
sami can 't even go home now .
have you read today 's paper ?
tom said that he 'd be able to do that this afternoon .
why won 't you play with me ?
i thought that tom would make <unk> for us .
tom and mary knew this .
tom and mary have gotten sick three times since they 've moved to boston .
tom told the police that mary was missing .
why were you in prison ?
tom didn 't realize what was happening .
nobody said this would be easy .
it 's not going to be that easy .
i don 't want you <unk> on my door at two in the morning .
are you ready to go yet ?
his store is always crowded with customers .
i 'm really mad at you for doing that .
tom thought you were going to be able to do that .
tom is still working as a waiter .
i need to stay here tonight .
many people attended that conference .
mary is quite short , isn 't she ?
wouldn 't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy ?
tom has no social skills .
tom seemed sure of himself .
the town was <unk> with strange foreign words .
are you sure you got enough to eat ?
why do women want to sleep in a man 's <unk> ?
i 'm sure tom said he was planning on doing that .
both tom and mary know what happened .
kyoto is most beautiful in autumn .
that 's actually pretty sad .
there 's an even easier way to do that .
i think that tom is waiting for you right now .
we 're so glad layla is alive .
we think it 's a great idea .
that was big of tom to help out like that .
i think that tom liked it .
can you help me move the sofa ?
it 's raining again !
it appears tom was mistaken .
tom shouldn 't ask mary to do that .
this language is perfectly clear to me when written , but absolutely <unk> when spoken .
i wonder if tom would really help mary .
mary said she 'd never try to do that by herself .
tom had no idea that he was being rude .
the tv 's stopped working .
i 'll do that in australia .
i wonder if that woman over there is married .
do exactly what we tell you .
it was suggested that the tower be <unk> .
he was also kind to animals .
i 'm glad it 's out in the open .
tom said he didn 't have anything to eat .
on leaving school , he went into business .
would you tell tom something for me ?
tom got tired .
i thought tom wasn 't happy .
i voted for tom .
i thought you didn 't know anything about <unk> .
the population of the world is <unk> very fast .
i believe it to be him .
please tell mary she doesn 't have to do that .
take this book back to him .
i 'll go along with you .
tom won 't have to do anything he doesn 't want to .
i 'll deal with these later .
i haven 't washed the dishes yet ?
drink water only when you are thirsty ; drinking 8 glasses a day is only a <unk> .
fishing is not in my life .
she said she likes swimming .
they needed to wash their car .
i 'm a lot <unk> now than i was last week .
tom never had children .
tom told me that he knew mary .
you should eat something .
i don 't think that tom and mary were in boston last week .
nobody called you .
they stood up and made their <unk> one by one .
looking into the room , i found nobody there .
we haven 't tried doing it that way .
i can 't wait to tell tom about this .
the engine has given us no trouble as yet .
his mother 's very pleased with him .
i don 't want to let her down .
tom hasn 't been able to get a hold of mary yet .
tom will use force .
he was run over by a car .
tom has a car .
tom still calls me that .
excuse me . that <unk> is not enough .
mary knows she should do that today .
tom was married to mary at that time .
you may go home now .
tom arrived on a boat .
thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes .
hold the door .
i told you i could do that .
this machine takes your money and gives you nothing in return .
you 've done so much already .
i wasn 't able to buy what i was supposed to buy .
he didn 't know a thing about it .
what did you do with my jacket ?
tom blamed everybody except himself .
aren 't you two hungry ?
mary said she thought she 'd be able to find another job .
tom said mary thought he might not be permitted to do that this week .
i 'll give you this pair of boots if you want them .
could you please park somewhere else ?
you knew i 'd agree to do that , didn 't you ?
mary seemed surprised when tom told her he needed to do that .
tom isn 't rude , but mary is .
i 'm afraid i 'll be stuck here forever .
he hurried to the station so he wouldn 't miss the train .
tell her that i am listening to music .
mary can 't seem to access her data .
tom and mary say they 're having a lot of fun learning french .
he said he isn 't sure .
done ! now i just have to set it to <unk> so it doesn 't <unk> before everybody comes .
mary could never do what you are asking her to do .
they 're not as smart as they look .
tom is too old to do that now .
i know tom knew he was the one who had to do that .
she said she felt desperate .
tom doesn 't have as much money as mary .
i thought tom and mary weren 't cold .
i am available the whole day , therefore i can come at whatever time is more <unk> for you .
tom didn 't want the job .
she wrote as many as ten books .
by the time i noticed that the newspaper had fallen into the water , it had turned into a <unk> <unk> .
tom wasn 't the one who told me i shouldn 't do that .
at midnight , we reached the village by car .
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .
i think we should tell tom .
apparently , tom is smarter than us .
i 'll prepare something .
don 't tell father about this .
tom and mary are back home .
i just want to make sure it 's not poison .
tom should have danced with mary .
sami had an interest in another girl .
i thought you might be too busy to help .
i left my passport somewhere .
tom doesn 't know he 'll never be able to do that .
i 'm not very busy right now .
i 'll try to do that the same way you did .
are you going to let him <unk> you like that ?
i saw tom holding your hand .
have you had your hair cut ?
it 's gotten easier .
i spent the next day similar to the last .
i thought i had the right to be here .
i should resign .
this is ridiculous .
i told everybody about what happened .
i want them to come with us .
tom said he wasn 't sure what he should do .
did you want to meet with tom ?
let 's just talk this through .
who do you suspect stole your wallet ?
i 'll wait for you in front of the school .
we 're all to blame for that .
the criminal is still at large .
either go out or come in .
tom is really younger than he looks .
your father seems very friendly .
sami didn 't even do that .
tom has escaped again .
you 'd better tell them what to do .
you aren 't old enough to get a driver 's license , are you ?
don 't you realize that my work is very serious ?
let 's sing the song in english .
i had not waited long before the bus came .
tom said he wished that he hadn 't told mary about what he 'd done .
i was not a little disappointed at the news .
tom doesn 't have those kinds of problems .
he is the <unk> kid in the class .
he said that he 's nervous .
i told you it was too soon .
i didn 't plan on helping .
i want you to be a good boy .
let 's sit down on this bench .
an awful accident happened yesterday .
i planned to meet the professor at 1 : 30 .
why shouldn 't i do this ?
she had the book with a <unk> cover under her arm .
we hope you visit boston .
i wish we could have gone a little further .
i know tom is a very good <unk> player .
does that still scare you ?
tom is only a little bit younger than mary .
when does tom study ?
tom was not pleased .
i suspected tom was worried .
what were you doing in australia last week ?
tom is in need of money .
are you sure mary can take care of herself ?
the fire had spread to the next building before the <unk> came .
tom might never come back here again .
you 're getting off track .
tom said that he 'd try to convince mary to do that .
tom does like mary .
that is likely what i saw .
if he can do it well , so much more can we .
they didn 't tell me they were married .
tom wouldn 't let mary do what she wanted to do .
why would you want to live in australia ?
let 's not do that .
tom and mary could get punished if they did that .
it was quiet in there .
i liked your story .
who was following who ?
i wonder if tom has a girlfriend .
she studies as hard as any student in her class .
sami read layla 's will .
mary threw back her head and laughed .
i 'm sure you won 't have any problems .
tom says he 's not tired yet .
he pretended he knew nothing about it .
tom is correct .
tom is a bit drunk .
tom and mary said they 'd appreciate it if you wouldn 't do that again .
i should have waited until tom got here to do that .
i think we can find the way back by ourselves .
tom is <unk> now than when i last saw him .
maybe i 'm just hearing things .
tom can 't control himself .
is it likely they will cancel the event ?
are you dressed ?
it must be past midnight .
tom wasn 't much of a father .
the workers say they got a raw deal .
they wanted me there .
we should try to help tom .
after drinking all night , bob was dead to the world .
tom thought that it over very carefully .
i wonder what they 've been keeping secret .
do you know where i can get help ?
tom handed mary a <unk> and cheese sandwich .
sami went to lunch with the boss .
tom was trying to look calm .
tom didn 't want to take over the family business .
did you actually see tom going into the mary 's office ?
tom said he didn 't plan to do that here .
does my dog look fat to you ?
what else did tom get ?
there are many <unk> , but only one reality .
that man has hit bottom : his wife has left him , he 's lost his job , and he 's an <unk> . the worst is that i know <unk> used to be my boss five years ago .
how many eggs does a fly lay ?
mary said she didn 't need a lawyer .
for once , <unk> came to the meeting on time .
i wonder why tom didn 't do that the way i asked him to .
it 's three miles longer than i can walk .
tom said that he 's still getting text messages from mary .
i 'm probably not the only one who thinks it 's a bad idea to do that .
i think it 's probably not safe to do that .
tom took his son to work .
tom promised me he 'd be here at 2 : 30 .
i 'm sure we haven 't done anything that we shouldn 't have done .
you 'd better find him .
he is angry against me .
tom told everybody mary was in australia .
which sandwich is yours ?
would you be good enough to do that for tom ?
we 're writing .
you look a lot like your grandfather .
tom was very impressed with mary .
i didn 't expect tom to be so friendly .
tom told everybody that he was sleepy .
they call this planet ' earth ' .
the police took tom to jail .
who the hell are you ?
we 've lost them .
we should not put <unk> on foreign trade .
tom might know why mary wants to do that .
does your father work ?
tom said that he wasn 't satisfied .
as a matter as fact , he did it for himself .
i didn 't know that tom knew why mary was afraid to do that .
you never told me you knew him .
are you telling me there 's more ?
i 'm beginning to hate her .
i have no idea where we are .
would it have been better if tom hadn 't been there ?
i think tom and john are <unk> twins .
we should leave at once .
even tom wasn 't able to answer the teacher 's questions .
i don 't think tom and mary are lazy .
i should 've stayed at home last night .
tom wanted mary to tell john about the accident .
you 're pretty good at french , aren 't you ?
if tom is looking for someone to blame , it 'll be mary .
you 're the tallest person here .
i 've decided that i won 't let people get close to me anymore .
i get up at 6 o 'clock every morning .
i 'd rather be here than in boston .
he told me he wanted to quit .
what would make you say that ?
you can have your secret as long as i have your heart .
tom may have been wrong .
mary might be in her room .
it looks like we 're going to have to walk .
australia is smaller than south america .
it took me several hours to draw this picture .
tom said we could go to boston with him if we wanted to .
do you really think tom did that ?
tom wasn 't hurt as much as mary was .
mary is still living in boston , isn 't she ?
tom thought mary would be afraid .
i got a flat <unk> on my way home .
you and i both should go to sleep , right ?
i wish i could 've stayed in australia longer .
what caused this ?
tom asked me to come to his house tonight .
tom can get away with anything .
we moved into this house last month . we will settle down soon .
tom thought that mary didn 't like cats .
we did what tom said to do .
i can do that without you .
you ought to study .
i 've never spoken with tom in french .
there is certain to be some <unk> to your suggestion .
i 'll always be here .
the only problem is we don 't know where to start .
do you know what you 're going to do next year ?
i tried to <unk> the memory of her crying .
she was bored with her job .
it was nice while it lasted .
in real life , help is given out of friendship , or it is not <unk> ; it is received from the hand of friendship , or it is <unk> .
mary said she wished she hadn 't been late to tom 's party .
tom would agree with me .
come and catch me if you dare .
i 'm going back to work .
i think tom is almost thirty now .
one can be <unk> without being an idiot .
the captain decided to send out a <unk> .
how can we find out more about tom ?
tom didn 't seem to remember who i was .
i don 't like playing basketball .
is that black bag tom 's ?
it appears to be working .
our plans have changed .
i didn 't think we should wait any longer .
sami held layla against the wall .
jane and mary are always <unk> for attention .
tom woke up at midnight .
the cat rolled into a ball on the sofa .
i returned tom 's book to him .
both young and old , men and women , <unk> get together at the local <unk> .
he didn 't complain , did he ?
call me at the office .
this house is to let .
that 's pretty weird .
fadil drove layla over to her friend 's house .
i think that tom won 't try to do that .
no , it wasn 't her .
sami 's dog was already barking .
why do guys i don 't like like me ?
i don 't feel at all tired .
do you play chess ?
tom is safe now and that 's all that matters .
he 's quite the catch .
tom wasn 't strict , but mary was .
we had sex once and his wife found out .
i think there 's still a chance that 'll happen .
i made these for you .
fadil appeared to be in some type of tired <unk> state .
did we want snow ?
mary left her purse in her car .
the <unk> plan has completely changed the character of the country .
can it be that a white horse is not a horse ?
how could you let her go ?
the picture you are looking at is a copy of a <unk> .
we 're here to protect them .
it was pure chance tom won the game .
tom said that he didn 't have any classes today .
i want to speak french .
<unk> may watch tv until 7 : 00 .
it 's getting light . morning is coming .
i 'm at the restaurant .
he said he 's been here before .
mary is going blind , isn 't she ?
i thought i had to do something .
tom said that he wanted to buy an alarm clock .
i knew that tom wasn 't going to go , no matter what mary said .
tom and mary are where they belong .
what does your wife do ?
i 'd give everything to see his <unk> smile again .
how did we not know that tom was lying to us ?
tom and mary said they didn 't have to worry about john anymore .
she is in great danger .
tom thinks that he 's mary 's boyfriend , but mary thinks that he 's just a friend .
tom should 've been amused by what was going on .
in the morning , i like to put honey on my <unk> .
have you ever talked to anyone about these things ?
you had better go to bed early .
we have a surprise for them .
it was entirely tom 's fault .
i still don 't know how it happened .
aren 't you uncomfortable ?
we 'll do everything perfectly .
i was watching tv .
tom didn 't think mary would be gone by the time we got there .
i 'm going to visit tom in australia .
what were you just thinking ?
i was on the go all day today looking for a loan .
i don 't know how many brothers and sisters tom has .
i think tom is likely to be able to do that .
when can i open my gifts ?
tom opened the envelope .
tom and mary don 't go dancing anymore .
do you blame him ?
tom has been gone for almost a year .
nobody was able to help tom .
who are those three men ?
it is well known that jesus loved <unk> and hated the poor .
that 's why tom left early .
at this point , i don 't need money .
tom and mary looked like they were <unk> .
tell her what you mean .
mary said she 'd do that again .
it was pretty .
i don 't think tom knows what i want him to do for me tomorrow .
i sometimes do that .
no , thank you . i 'm so full .
brain <unk> are important , especially for small children .
it would be fantastic if we could do that together .
they mean business here .
i had to bite my <unk> to prevent myself from laughing .
tom has been studying all day .
though he had been in the hospital , he kept up with other students .
go to your room and wait there until i call you .
i hurt my back a little .
we ran for 10 kilometers .
i have a heart condition .
i suspect that tom had nothing to do with that .
the four <unk> of the year are spring , summer , autumn , and winter .
how much is this umbrella ?
a link can join two pieces of <unk> together .
tom was a little hesitant .
i know that tom was lying to you .
tom said that mary knew that he might have to do that .
i 'm moving in with her .
i still don 't make enough money to support my family .
i guess i 'll have to try harder .
what time does flight <unk> from tokyo arrive ?
sami is helping his father .
that 's just the way tom and mary are .
sami was popular in college .
i 'm rather surprised to hear it .
are they going to arrest them ?
mary didn 't tell me her secret .
tom called me a few hours ago .
tom took his glasses out of his pocket and put them on .
sami waited there for over an hour .
all people are equal .
tom will decide .
don 't you know him ?
tom is sitting between mary and john .
are you in favor of the proposal ?
tom and mary say they don 't remember a thing .
don 't bother with that now !
he studied hard so he wouldn 't fail .
tell me exactly what you 'd like me to do for you .
mary looked like she was determined to do that .
tom was yelling a lot .
you didn 't know tom and mary had to do that by themselves , did you ?
i doubt we 're going the right way .
i 'm out of gas .
mary said that she knew who did it .
this story is worth reading .
would you mind telling me what 's happening ?
i just can 't believe tom and mary will actually get married .
do you ever go swimming ?
everything man can imagine can be done .
tom said that mary didn 't have anything to do .
tom and i are both still under thirty .
it may indeed be strange , but that 's the way it is .
how can we prevent this from happening again in the future ?
you 're not moving back to boston , are you ?
tom told mary to go back to her room .
i don 't think tom knows what mary wants to do tomorrow afternoon .
tom told me he 'd leave soon .
i 'm not sure that i want to see it .
make sure you do that before 2 : 30 .
tom got off the elevator and walked down the hall to his office .
you can turn around now .
he built on his father 's fortune .
tom told me that he was desperate to do that .
we 'll go a week from today .
that brings up another point i 'd like to discuss .
i want to be a french teacher .
tom didn 't have to think long .
two weeks ago , i visited <unk> for the first time .
it cost nothing .
are you tired of this yet ?
tom plays golf three or four times a month .
her voice was heard above the noise .
i 've given my best for the company .
tom said it was raining in boston .
tom and mary are still in good shape .
the accident happened right before our eyes .
unfortunately , i didn 't get the chance to see the castle .
i don 't really know anything about cats .
tom ordered some food .
sami tried to sleep in layla 's bed .
tom said that he didn 't believe mary really planned to go <unk> with john .
he had an assured manner .
we 'll work on that .
sami did another video about that .
tom says it 'll only take a minute .
i 'll give it right back .
money is useless on a desert island .
tom said that we shouldn 't leave until 2 : 30 .
you don 't need to be here today .
what <unk> of the students in your class are girls ?
what 's everybody talking about ?
tom has to take his medication .
she said she was upset .
where did he learn this ?
tom has to stay in australia for another week .
they lived on <unk> , potatoes , and the meat of animals .
did you tell them anything ?
the reason why i can 't marry tom is that i 'm in love with someone else .
if something happens , i 'll call you .
the baby is crying because it is hungry now .
tom made several <unk> around the world , but never told anybody about a single one of them .
why 's tom mad at you ?
if he studied hard , he could pass the test .
i fell into the water .
i don 't usually sweat like this .
do you really think i 'd do that ?
tom is sitting outside .
tom would never go to boston by bus .
who did you talk with ?
where did she send them ?
of course i can drive a car very well .
tom said he thought that he wouldn 't enjoy doing that with mary .
mary says she doesn 't plan on doing that this week .
for example , what would you do if you had ten thousand dollars ?
of course , layla didn 't deserve to die in this <unk> way .
mary isn 't likely to tell tom she can 't do that .
he gives me a phone call every now and then .
i wish i could see you .
tom didn 't find it .
they are enjoying a healthy life in the country .
well , no one invited me .
she is very charming .
it 's a <unk> thing to do a play with him .
it was tom who told me i had to do that .
sami was in complete shock .
i 'm sick of listening to tom .
she should have arrived home by now .
the less it is <unk> by the weather the better clock it is .
right after i graduated from college , i went into the army .
there is a lot of pollution in this city .
this is not quite enough .
fadil didn 't want to take his medication .
tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that today .
tom and mary don 't mind eating after the children eat .
tom , mary , john and alice all made fun of me .
tom said he 'd ask mary to do that .
i 'm surprised that <unk> didn 't enjoy her time at the farm .
he is now taller than her mother .
tell me more about yourself .
mary asked tom to sit next to her .
i was scared to death .
mary didn 't know she didn 't have enough time to do what had to be done .
i 'm traveling by myself .
tom says he doesn 't believe mary would really do that .
" what kind of pet is always found on the floor ? " " a carpet . "
i didn 't know you didn 't know how to swim .
i thought that tom wouldn 't enjoy doing that with me .
tom will probably be home on monday .
mary was afraid she 'd be late .
do you really think tom and mary are correct ?
i don 't want to get in trouble again .
when does tom plan on doing that ?
don 't you ever say that again .
i don 't know a lot of things about germany .
tom can 't do that as well as mary .
tom said he wanted to meet you .
you 're not the first one to say that .
even though tom has had way too much to drink already , he 's <unk> another drink .
they 'll get out of class in forty minutes .
tom and i have a big house .
tom and mary haven 't said what they plan to do yet .
tom is in prison for life .
tom is an amazing guy .
tom is never afraid of anything , is he ?
i wonder if tom and mary are downstairs .
tom said that mary would call .
i should 've done this years ago .
tom is as busy as always , isn 't he ?
i guess we can be friends .
i will take my mother out in my new car tomorrow .
since the weather was good , tom and i went to the beach .
i suspect that tom did that just to get some attention .
that 's when we should carry out the plan .
actually , tom was the one i asked to do that .
i believe that you are wrong .
sir , you have left your <unk> on the table .
mary remained single her whole life .
i know both tom and mary are unhappy .
i thought that tom was a friend of yours .
tom was <unk> about the sentences <unk> him , while mary was doing her best to translate them .
i 'm reading the newspaper .
the professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand him .
i get along well with all the <unk> .
do you have anything for a headache ?
between men and women there is no friendship possible . there is passion , <unk> , <unk> , love , but no friendship .
sami named everyone " farid . "
i 've got people coming for dinner .
i used to have a motorcycle .
only one of them remained .
tom was a pretty good french teacher and i learned a lot from him very quickly .
tom will sing .
she looks like she 's about to <unk> .
i guess i was kind of shocked .
don 't bother us anymore .
he said he 'd call you later .
i didn 't know you were interested in art .
i heard something <unk> in the kitchen in the middle of the night .
i wonder why tom and mary are alone .
i don 't want to go to college .
it is difficult to make him happy .
sami wrote layla a lot of letters .
i don 't think there 's any way tom can do that .
how many days ago did you buy this ?
the sea will turn deep by itself .
are tom and mary planning to eat lunch with us ?
tom must 've finished doing that yesterday .
is the rumor that anne will get married to john true ?
mary walked her dog in the park .
tom is here to see mary , isn 't he ?
what do you charge ?
he answered by smiling .
where do i turn ?
i wonder if tom and mary are mistaken .
mary has quite a temper , doesn 't she ?
tom and mary wanted to give you a surprise party , but i knew you 'd hate it , so i told them not to .
i thought tom had never been to boston .
since her husband died , <unk> has suffered a lot .
there are pretty <unk> on either side of the front windows .
take care of old people .
i called him up and asked his schedule .
i 'll let you in on a secret .
even if it takes me the whole day , i will do the <unk> .
i am a university student and i want to learn a lot .
tom and mary told me that they had to stay home .
" would you like some tea ? " " yes , please . "
sami wanted to play that song .
tom thought mary was right .
i thought that you didn 't want to come .
write down your date of birth here .
if you 've got something to say , say it .
i understand how hard this is .
did tom and mary have what they needed ?
my love , i would do anything to make you happy .
tom and mary were speaking loud enough for john to <unk> them .
tom changed his schedule to match mine .
why should tom visit australia ?
i knew that tom wouldn 't say anything else .
tom and mary have already told me they don 't know how to do that .
it would be impossible to <unk> cover the subject in this short paper .
tom and mary kept their heads above water .
i need to go to sleep before midnight .
these are the girls .
they thought they were going to be busy .
i 'm not sure that i like it .
tom should probably not tell mary he doesn 't intend to do that .
layla was preparing to leave the state .
you 'll get lost .
everybody held their breath .
i had no idea that you were having problems with tom .
i think he 's losing his touch .
i am excited at the <unk> of seeing her .
an error was made .
he looked like he was heartbroken .
tom said that he was wondering the same thing .
i 'm turning thirty this october .
i 've decided to tell tom what he has to do .
tom tried to tell mary what he was planning to do .
when mary told her parents that she wanted to marry tom , they said that they wouldn 't attend the wedding .
tom said mary was alone .
i wonder whether or not tom has one i could borrow .
i know that tom and mary don 't need to do that .
i 'd appreciate it if you could come .
tom will wash the car tomorrow .
tom , i don 't want to talk to you .
i think tom can swim better than mary .
i thought that you were supposed to be there .
i haven 't washed the dishes yet .
the problem is whether you can follow her english .
have you ever had a wet dream ?
i 'd like a single with a shower , please .
sami wasn 't in the mood .
i think tom and mary are lonely .
i can <unk> say this is the best coffee i 've ever had .
tom told me that he 'd cried .
mary said tom yelled at her .
i cannot speak japanese .
those were the <unk> hours of my life .
tom is now making a table for me .
the fish is not big .
i saw you in the newspaper today .
the only way out of today 's <unk> is for people to become <unk> of each other 's trust .
tom is the one who was taken to the hospital .
i 'm new to the neighborhood .
now stay there .
i like to walk in the park .
mary is teaching here now , isn 't she ?
tom is expected to get home on monday .
i should 've done what tom told me to do .
i saw you yesterday .
i like taking a walk in the forest .
tom had plenty of money to burn .
mary applied cream to her face .
i 'm just happy being a farmer .
what do you suppose this is made of ?
mary said she 'd be willing to do that .
tom isn 't supposed to do that without permission .
we 've got no place to stay tonight . could you put us up for the night ?
that 'll be something to see .
i 'm hoping it 'll happen quickly .
tom asked me to do this for mary .
i doubt that tom is still motivated .
tom appeared to be crying .
i received a <unk> saying that my uncle had arrived .
do you think you 'd like to work for me ?
i couldn 't do that for a living .
she decided not to contest the charges in court .
who do you like to spend <unk> with ?
where did you send tom ?
who told tom that he could do that ?
tom and mary often did that when they were younger .
i 'll never forget the time you and i went to boston together .
i turned down the job .
only do what tom tells you .
i 'll watch tv at home or something .
i 'm expecting a phone call this morning .
there 's a man at the door who 's asking to speak with you .
why don 't you just tell her ?
as you know , i 've lost my job , so i 'm having trouble making ends meet .
tom said he wondered if mary and i 'd be able to do that by ourselves .
tom and mary didn 't know each other at that time .
the animals need to eat .
can i have the paper when you 're finished with it ?
my friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me .
how much is the most expensive car ?
are you using that ?
i thought tom lived in this neck of the woods .
tom thought that i might not be required to do that until october .
sami forgot about the whole thing .
isn 't tom something ?
tom is going to get very dirty if he does that .
i 'm calling to answer your question .
tom will leave tonight .
tom shouldn 't permit mary to do that .
tom said that no one else was laughing .
tom lived in the woods .
tom is going to be jealous , isn 't he ?
tom didn 't have a good day either .
some believe that seven is a lucky number .
that fellow is a cool hand .
tom is still in good health .
the <unk> nations have come a long way .
tom and mary have gotten back together .
tom isn 't someone you can easily replace .
we knew tom would come back .
we need more sugar .
tom said mary has been trying to do that all day .
sami searched the whole house and no one was there .
tom and mary both aren 't busy .
there is nothing as important as friendship .
this case is closed .
how often does it rain here ?
tom and mary said they 'll be in the hospital for about three weeks .
from the inside , the earth is very hot .
tom isn 't a bit worried .
we have a good reason for doing this .
tom could have done better if he 'd had more time .
do you remember where tom lives ?
they are now at the top of the stairs .
she lived for a long time .
please serve the guests some coffee , dear .
tom promised he wouldn 't tell anyone .
weren 't tom and mary just in boston last week ?
tom and mary were talking about their children .
this will do for a chair .
tom and mary get upset when john doesn 't do what they tell him to do .
i suspect tom knows he doesn 't really have to do that .
we had less snow here than usual last winter .
i 've been thinking about when we were young .
tom doesn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seems to be .
do you like dogs ?
did mary ask tom why he ate her sandwich ?
i might 've known nobody really wanted me here .
she wasn 't home yesterday , was she ?
tom and mary say that they haven 't yet had time to read the report .
it was extremely difficult to do that .
don 't play dumb , tom .
tom told me that he didn 't want to do that by himself .
i will spend next sunday reading novels .
i 'll be free .
it 's time to get going .
most students can speak english .
get them away from here .
i really want to impress him .
it 's going to take tom a long time to do that .
don 't run after me any more .
tom thinks that mary is wrong .
tom said that mary has been having fun hanging out with us .
i need to do something about that .
there 's a time and a place for everything . now is neither the time nor the place .
i think i deserve an answer .
tom came upstairs .
it was my idea .
would you try this on ?
nobody knew how dangerous tom and mary were .
sami won 't be able to get into any school in the state .
i hope you don 't make me do that .
this elevator is capable of carrying 10 <unk> at a time .
how many apples do you have ?
i call you as soon as tom gets here ?
don 't put so much on your plate ! you can always have <unk> .
i 'll see how tom is .
sami paid for the wedding himself .
sami was probably kicked out of the police .
take the street on the right .
she is wrong in nine <unk> out of ten .
tom wasn 't permitted to do that .
how is the first day going ?
she told me that she 's pessimistic .
i 'm just kidding .
she likes to worry about stupid things .
i know that tom is a friend of mary 's .
can i speak to you for a moment please ?
tom looks like he 's cold .
do you share your <unk> with other people ?
they say they 're not afraid .
tom and mary told john they didn 't intend to do that .
tom , are you here ?
do you prefer cute guys or guys who have class ?
tom and mary told me they weren 't embarrassed .
our team isn 't likely to win .
sami thought that was ok .
i 'm trying to find my balance back .
her dream is to lead a life full of <unk> .
you had better give up smoking for your health .
here 's a picture of tom and me .
i know that tom isn 't a very good writer .
i 'd never met tom before this morning .
tom said that mary knew that he might not be required to do that by himself .
if he were a little younger , he would be <unk> for the post .
sami told me who he was .
i really liked tom .
i 'm sure tom will be hungry when he gets home .
i 'm going to be busy until 2 : 30 .
i 'm having dinner with a friend .
islam is dangerous .
she likes her teachers .
tom won 't let mary have her way .
he said that he 'd been cooperative .
i can 't <unk> tom 's last name .
i don 't have two cats .
i 'm not naive .
do you guys like horses ?
i have a good teacher .
i hope tom and mary don 't get arrested .
tom doesn 't smile so much anymore .
i don 't think i could do that even if tom helped me .
it would have been ridiculous to do that .
he was my first boyfriend .
i can 't decide what to eat for lunch .
i know tom did that with mary .
i 've done everything i can .
tom didn 't know mary had intended to be there yesterday .
i don 't think tom knows if mary likes him or not .
the american public doesn 't want this .
that 's pretty exciting .
i don 't have to leave today .
tom doesn 't want kids .
it doesn 't mean a thing .
as a child i learned lots of <unk> by heart .
i know tom is a little older than me .
tom hung his coat in the closet .
i don 't know how much longer it 'll take .
tom is sitting just a few <unk> away .
mary didn 't know why tom wanted her to leave .
i thought that you said that you 'd never done that before .
he 's very angry with his children .
and you know what ? we 're done !
sami tells layla everything .
sami doesn 't want to hear about that .
tom said mary went to boston with him .
am i supposed to give a speech or something ?
there 's nothing tom can do to help mary .
tom offended everyone .
mr white is in charge of our class .
i think you should help them .
i wouldn 't want to be a judge .
where is the person ?
what is it you 're looking for ?
a little work won 't kill you .
layla needs to look behind her first .
tom and mary are pretty tight .
life is at best very short .
layla 's love for fadil was starting to become an <unk> .
i know tom is a financial <unk> . maybe he can help us .
tom 's mother put a note in his <unk> to tell him how much she loved him .
i used to get along with tom .
everyone looked at mary to see what she 'd do .
the last time we ate dinner together , you would only eat vegetables .
they wished they had more free time .
if i had seen tom yesterday , i would 've talked to him .
do you remember this movie ?
would you mind telling me what you 're doing ?
i didn 't know this was going on .
tom was deeply moved by what mary said .
do you like the same kind of music as your parents do ?
i knew tom and mary weren 't very <unk> .
tom and mary said they 've been forgiven for doing that .
tom told me that he hoped that mary would be <unk> .
i figured tom would be here .
tom moved back to boston .
this information isn 't as <unk> as it should be .
everyone in the class laughed at tom .
how did you know where tom went to college ?
he will arrive there about five o 'clock .
let me just finish this sentence .
how did the fight begin ?
i 've finished all except the last page .
i heard some <unk> music playing in the distance .
we killed time playing cards .
he told me that i had a nice smile .
they deny they did that .
the gate opened .
she was your teacher , wasn 't she ?
where did tom buy all these ?
i 'm not the best person to ask .
tom 's children are playing outside .
too many books to read is a good thing .
do you have any idea who 's behind this ?
tom always <unk> about the way i do things .
tom asked me questions i didn 't want to answer .
i know tom can help us do that next week .
tom will call me sometime before 2 : 30 .
mary is a really intelligent child .
who can tell what will happen to her ?
tom and mary want to live in boston after they graduate from high school .
what do you think you 're doing here ?
let 's look upstairs .
that doesn 't make any difference .
i live to eat , and i don 't eat to live .
japanese people are fortunate to live in a land with natural hot <unk> .
i don 't like math very much .
he rarely talks about his work .
tom may need our help .
he had his wife die two years ago .
i told you to be home by midnight .
at home everything is early , both talent and <unk> .
i saw tom last weekend .
tom and mary were still sleeping when john left for school .
in what hotel do you intend to stay ?
tom thought he heard a mouse in the kitchen .
tom has also left .
tom can 't decide who he should ask to the <unk> .
nearly the entire class raised their hands .
tom isn 't the only boy 's name that ends with " <unk> " .
why don 't you go play with tom ?
i am so sorry to have kept you waiting .
tom promised me that he 'd do that before he went home .
he took off his hat .
i 'm going to ask tom to never do that again .
sami needs to go to the football <unk> .
tom is an open book .
<unk> got up from the table , <unk> poured out his glass , then sat down again .
do you still wish to do that ?
the united states <unk> the world after world war two .
tom told me he didn 't like living in australia .
what didn 't you understand ?
i highly doubt tom wants to see you .
sami needs an excuse .
that was your third drink .
don 't eat raw pork .
tom said that mary was likely to be here tomorrow .
give it mouth !
sami is on his way .
i live too far away .
i know tom is more likely to do that if you help him .
tom said that he thought mary wasn 't finished doing that yet .
i met them in boston .
do you think mary would do that again if she had the chance ?
i want to know when you plan to do that .
tom was very excited .
what makes you think that your language is <unk> ?
there you 'll find a big <unk> with traffic lights .
she is very kind to us .
have you given tom what he asked for ?
somebody is playing the piano .
i 've already told tom he won 't be allowed to do that .
this sword is the only weapon in the world that can harm a <unk> .
he looks very sleepy .
there was a cat on the table .
do you remember when tom did that ?
she 's waiting for her test results .
sami wanted to make layla feel less nervous .
tom <unk> to stop calling himself an idiot .
she has the berber <unk> on her phone .
she insisted on my helping her .
i believe this is wrong .
you can 't put the <unk> back in the bottle .
no one has <unk> to my doing that .
can we really expect tom to <unk> with us ?
tom said he didn 't want to say anything about that .
tom and mary didn 't travel together , did they ?
tom has a pain in the shoulder .
mary can speak french , can 't she ?
i shouldn 't have sold my car .
water is good .
they both look good .
about how many books do you own ?
tom , could you keep an eye on the kids ?
he must have missed his usual train .
the gentleman best knows himself the value of his own life .
tom said that he didn 't know who mary was planning on staying with .
i thought that your house was downtown .
i want to let go of your hands now .
tom became upset and began to cry .
tom and mary said they expect to do that on monday .
i don 't think tom and mary are going to need our help .
i thought that i 'd never find tom .
this is an error common among japanese students .
i suspect that tom isn 't telling the truth .
mary thought tom would probably refuse to help her .
i never even got a chance to ask tom and mary if they 'd help .
was tom the one who showed you how to do that ?
i kept as quiet as possible .
i know what tom and mary are doing .
i 'm washing my hands .
i told her what you did .
i wasn 't able to find a good hiding place .
he is pleased with the plan .
tom and mary didn 't know they didn 't have enough time to do what needed to be done .
we give this town to the <unk> nation .
tom is the most valuable player on our team .
mary locked herself in her bedroom and cried for nearly an hour .
i 'm sure someone will do that for tom .
a band of rain , <unk> <unk> , will reach all parts by the end of the day .
i don 't have my passport with me , so they won 't let me cross the <unk> .
what 's tom 's concern ?
my hobby is playing golf .
don 't ever let me catch you here again .
tom told me he thought that mary was difficult to get along with .
tom and mary know they have to do it .
tom and mary said that they didn 't drink coffee .
tom didn 't realize mary didn 't have enough money to buy food for her children .
those who intended to stay quickly adopted the island speech <unk> , while those who did not , did not .
happy birthday , my friend !
you seem pretty busy here .
mary doesn 't know what she has to do yet .
it was my turn to <unk> up the room .
mary didn 't start playing the violin until she was thirty year old .
tom always seems to be excited .
i <unk> at the two men walking in front of me .
what 're you going to do with all that money ?
we look forward to seeing you in boston .
i 'm sure we 'd be able to get this done by 2 : 30 if tom helped us .
you didn 't know that you were supposed to do that by yourself , did you ?
tom has been good to me .
i didn 't think we had to do anything else .
please don 't allow tom to do that .
tom is the author of three books .
did tom call while i was out ?
both tom and mary know what happened to john .
weren 't tom and mary supposed to do that by themselves ?
i can 't believe she just said that .
he was the first man to cross the <unk> .
what do you think of these people ?
i was at home asleep .
tom shouldn 't have said anything .
my wife is missing .
we weren 't gone that long .
tom is too depressed to work .
where are her sentences ?
they shouldn 't have done what they did .
tom doesn 't like people talking about him .
give me just a little .
tom has an amazing memory .
i know tom is brave .
tom said mary didn 't look like she was lonely .
think hard about your <unk> , for he is a mountain you will not bring down . you have never seen such a man nor had the opportunity to stand beside him in battle . you can not understand the likes of such , because you have not had such an opportunity . life is a <unk> some are hard lesson , some <unk> and <unk> . some are <unk> and final . a man with nothing to lose is a man you must fear , for he will take you to the end .
put the wet umbrella in this bag , please .
you can be pretty helpful when you want to be .
we may go to australia next spring .
want me to show you a really useful hidden <unk> ?
tom said that i don 't need to do anything i don 't want to .
tom said mary isn 't going to do that .
sami was keeping an eye on his little brother .
tom said he didn 't agree with you .
tom knew mary had to help john do that .
fadil is going to regret this .
around twenty people have been hurt .
how do i know you 're a <unk> being ?
i think tom is unfair .
tom was in the garden .
you have made a promise .
i don 't like doing that here .
the economic situation grew worse .
tom and i are going to get <unk> in october .
i don 't think that tom would 've let me do that .
tom doesn 't have any friends here in boston .
i don 't think that tom would really want that .
i hate you very much .
she touched my hand .
tom became good friends with the elevator <unk> in their hotel .
i need some sugar to make a cake .
tom told me he 'd complain about that .
tom wants a watch for his birthday .
you aren 't alone anymore .
i want to buy a <unk> bank for tom .
tom almost fell down .
tom and mary know that they can trust us .
tom needs to be told not to do that .
he took off his glasses .
mary said her new dress cost her a lot .
mary is a beautiful lady .
i need tom to know we love him .
tom and mary aren 't poor .
her boss is hard to deal with .
she looks like she 's alone .
tom set his homework out on the table .
tom told me mary was motivated to do that .
i think you 'll pull through .
i know tom is actually on his way to boston right now .
i figured that out .
sami sleeps with the light on .
i didn 't know that tom would be absent .
mary does look a bit like alice .
sami and layla were happy .
i was angry that she had <unk> my children .
tom prepared himself to die .
sami called his dad .
i know that tom knew that mary should 've done that by herself .
i started talking to her .
sami 's friend was busy .
take any train on track 5 .
tom and mary said they weren 't jealous .
" now , " he said to the lady , " all we want is a drop of the <unk> 's blood . "
i don 't control anything .
she knew she was about to die .
i want to make a local call , number <unk> .
tom says he wants to learn how to drive a truck .
tom and mary never told me that they were from boston .
she 's beautiful and intelligent .
i first met tom at a football game in boston .
did you actually see tom kissing mary ?
you could try and be a bit more <unk> .
you did try .
doesn 't tom look handsome ?
it 's on your desk .
he shook hands with a black person once , so he can 't be <unk> .
i don 't carry much cash .
tom went abroad to study french .
actually , maria is a modern young woman , however , she is as <unk> as my grandmother .
i wouldn 't allow tom to talk with mary .
was that a joke ?
tom looked like he was disappointed .
the girls talked about boys , and the boys talked about girls .
you look different today .
she thought that she might do that .
mary painted the house .
i thought that you 'd decided against it .
i asked tom to play the guitar .
tom was always the strong one .
tom is the only one likely to be able to help you .
i don 't think tom will tell anybody .
tom and mary aren 't as poor as most people think they are .
tom said mary ought to do that in the other room .
when can we see you ?
tom wondered who walked mary home .
this is an old building .
mary says she 's not sleepy yet .
i don 't think that tom said anything .
i didn 't like the answer that tom gave me .
i tried to get tom to talk to mary .
tom handed mary the key .
i took him out to dinner in return for his help .
i 've left tom three messages .
mary should 've given tom her old guitar .
my common sense is so <unk> up , that it 's not common anymore .
tom was up all night studying .
sami was pretty open with his friends talking about his affair with layla .
let us repeat it together , so both of us will <unk> it more <unk> to the master . you start then , as you <unk> me .
mary isn 't as <unk> as she used to be .
i don 't speak french or german .
i don 't think that i enjoy swimming as much as you seem to .
mary has almost everything a girl could want .
when do you eat turkey ?
let 's hope that tom and mary don 't do that .
i know that tom isn 't against it .
try to keep tom from leaving early .
tom had no choice but to give mary what she wanted .
i don 't believe that tom could 've said such a thing .
that 's the ticket .
the car he bought is black .
i know it wasn 't them .
all three of you need to do that .
i 'm going to keep on fighting .
tom was a good friend of yours , wasn 't he ?
i would never do anything to hurt you .
nothing is wrong with tom .
<unk> , tom wasn 't killed in the war .
is that a pencil ?
the post office is closed on christmas day and mail will not be <unk> .
a strong wind began to set in .
she said that she liked rain .
tom seems to be happy and excited .
tell him i need some money .
tom said that he tried to help mary with her homework .
i assume you 've talked to tom .
mary told me that she has just done that .
i don 't like being told i 'm not old enough yet .
my boss called me down for <unk> absence from work .
i hardly recognized her .
i won 't come .
tom won 't live long .
teach them how to make a salad .
doing that wasn 't complicated .
do you know how to use this ?
tom is in the habit of constantly finding fault with everything mary does .
your father is dead now .
should we do that first ?
tom and mary hugged and kissed .
he has the key to her heart .
please stop walking .
tom said that mary was likely to be the next one to do that .
it 's moving fast .
what did she want ?
tom said he thought mary was hungry .
i must be getting soft .
yesterday i went to lie down at midnight .
tom thought that mary wasn 't interested in doing that .
when was the last time you had a really good cry ?
i <unk> looking for a man like myself .
did you hit anyone else ?
tom is going to miss the train if he doesn 't hurry .
when i left the train station , i saw a man .
tom and mary said that they felt threatened .
parents ' love can sometimes be so <unk> that you can 't breathe .
do you think you can keep up with us ?
tom called his father to wish him a happy father 's day .
has anyone seen my glasses ?
i don 't think that i could ever eat a <unk> .
" oh my god ! what kind of laugh was that ? " " oh , nothing serious ! mary is <unk> how to laugh like a <unk> for a play . "
sami was washing dishes .
tom thinks that you 're going to be here tomorrow .
tom 's girlfriend is three years older than he is .
my sister is my best friend .
i want to do some shopping around here .
tom and mary were waiting for us .
they don 't care about doing harm to themselves .
she grabbed her <unk> and called her husband .
who were tom and mary swimming with ?
tom is swimming right now .
tom was with me on that day .
he said that he didn 't like cats .
i think tom <unk> out with mary too much .
tom would never hurt his children .
i thought that tom would look more like his brother .
they hope that they don 't <unk> the job .
tom could be lying , but i don 't think so .
you know i 'm not supposed to do that anymore , don 't you ?
mary tried to convince everyone that she was innocent .
sami sat next to an old woman .
tom acted on his own .
we appreciate your time .
if you see tom , ask him how his wife is doing .
we 've made many mistakes .
i don 't think tom and mary feel the same way .
tom saw mary running .
tom didn 't want to get home after dark .
i 'm going to start doing that today .
i don 't think i need to do that with tom .
i know tom isn 't a very hard worker .
the number of facebook members is higher than the u.s. population .
i did know i was supposed to do that .
tom and mary were going to do that themselves .
i knew i 'd find you here .
they forgot i am the <unk> of this company .
tom said that mary wasn 't safe .
tom doesn 't like mary 's sense of humor .
but it is pleasant to sleep .
when i was in <unk> school i thought , from the bottom of my heart , that the teachers were great people and i was <unk> by the teachers ' <unk> and <unk> lessons , but middle school was just a business like any other .
i haven 't stopped thinking about that .
i don 't know if it will be fine tomorrow .
tom doesn 't understand the situation .
people don 't like working with tom because he 's hard to get along with .
tom crossed his legs .
everybody knows tom and i like each other .
where are the friends ?
i think tom wouldn 't be motivated to do that .
he was considered very <unk> for the job .
i thought you might enjoy doing that .
mind your step .
sami ruined his hair .
i am sorry that i have troubled you so much .
tom thought that mary wasn 't awake .
let me show you where you can put your suitcases .
i could not come to your birthday party .
you 've made my day .
i did that only because everybody else was doing it .
tom said he knew that mary wouldn 't win the race .
since it 's written in easy french , i can understand it .
his work hasn 't come up to my expectations .
tom is <unk> sick , isn 't he ?
why don 't you go somewhere ?
it won 't be easy telling tom about that .
i must leave boston at once .
we never know why we die .
i was an <unk> , so to speak .
what do you want more than anything else in the world ?
it looked like tom wasn 't having much fun .
did anyone eat lunch with tom ?
i thought you said that i couldn 't do that .
i don 't live here anymore .
tom says he always does it this way .
tom and mary have decided not to talk to their children in french anymore .
sami wanted layla to get finish college and get her career started .
an earlier sense of a word need not be its present <unk> sense .
tom said he didn 't think mary wanted to do that outside .
they got away from the place .
tom admitted that he was the one who had stolen mary 's money .
where is this money coming from ?
the bag wasn 't mine .
i don 't know why tom was arrested .
the dust rose in clouds .
i can 't play the <unk> very well .
they knew they were cheating .
tom told me to stay here until he got back .
sami had plans to sell his cairo home .
that 's the real reason .
do the best you can .
mary didn 't find that joke very funny .
the facts will surprise you .
do you think tom would care if i did that ?
he would often swim in this river .
it took us a long time to decide what we really wanted .
do you think tom is through doing that ?
i never enjoyed doing that .
i still don 't understand what needs to be done .
i 'm half dead .
i 'm always bored with his <unk> talk .
tom is always wrong .
the police think you did it .
tom has to get to the hospital .
tom said that his schedule has changed .
they 're normal people .
today 's your birthday ! put some <unk> in your step !
tom and mary say that they know you .
you say <unk> i say <unk> . <unk> is just that sort of girl . there 's no way to win a battle of words with her .
is there something you 're not telling us ?
everything has to be paid for .
if you want to be miserable , that 's your choice .
i think that tom shouldn 't tell mary about the accident .
that song is my favorite .
hang on to them .
i met tom three months ago .
both tom and mary are ready .
the situation got out of their control .
they told me that they 'd be late .
should i tell tom that we won 't do that by ourselves ?
i think that tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary she needed to do that .
dan was considering a divorce .
tom said he wasn 't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing .
please ask me any time you have a question .
why are tom and mary planning to go ?
they will not do it .
this happened often in the spring .
" ... hey ... hey , teacher ! " " <unk> ? oh . " " are you really ok ? shouldn 't you cancel the lesson ? "
i 've been waiting for this day to come .
who said you could take the car ?
tom is the perfect guy for you .
tom said mary didn 't have to do that .
he is a born poet .
he explained why he was there .
this is huge .
do you know why i have to do that ?
tom said mary was likely to be awake .
we 've been thinking about what to do about this problem for a long time .
i 'd like to write a book .
my grandfather often doesn 't remember what happened yesterday but can describe in detail what happened forty years ago .
he looked me right in the eye .
sami had no idea how layla know his address and full name .
my mother being ill , i looked after her .
i read many foreign languages , but i don 't speak any .
tom is likely to be <unk> by that .
i 've agreed not to do that anymore .
tom knew what mary wanted .
he is old enough to know better .
don 't ask me . ask her .
i 'm not sure tom ought to do that .
tom has a couple of friends in australia .
we 've been unable to <unk> the cause .
tom is probably never going to forget what we did to him .
what kind of tree is this ?
tom will never leave mary .
they have to take a rest .
we remained very much in love .
i 'll pay you a visit sometime .
tom said he thought that mary would be ready .
tom and mary said that they felt very sleepy .
this is a very good question .
i was caught in a shower just now .
i saw him with a group of men .
what is wrong with me paying the bill ?
mary doesn 't like men who act like tom .
that would be all right .
mary thanked tom for helping her .
why don 't you go to the zoo with tom today ?
i had some trouble finding her house yesterday .
they say she died .
he gave an excuse about why he had been absent .
i know that tom isn 't a <unk> .
if you read ten <unk> every day , by the end of the year you 'll have read <unk> books of two hundred <unk> each . how would those books change your life ?
tom got up from the table and walked into the kitchen .
i like him .
if you would like me to introduce you to him , i will write him right away .
you are my first love .
tom didn 't need to do that , did he ?
i didn 't know that tom didn 't want me to do that .
they said that they had no other details .
tom has always been fat .
tom admitted he did what he promised not to do .
did you go to the last class ?
don 't get yourselves killed .
layla thought sami was the <unk> guy ever .
the meeting will end tomorrow .
tell him what happened .
this big gate is <unk> to the small garden .
i put away 10 dollars each month .
i know that you 're very brave .
sami 's magic show starts at six .
i said i wouldn 't tell them .
mary is the one in charge , isn 't she ?
i also noticed that .
tom is not interested in politics .
you 've still got the touch , tom .
tom said he thought that mary was probably not having any fun doing that .
sami entered the house .
this sentence can be translated to arabic in many ways .
tom and mary say they wouldn 't do that .
i hear music .
tom said he hoped that mary would be at the dance .
i don 't want to get in your way .
tom and mary rarely talk about their problems .
they say that someday they 'll do that .
we were unable to help tom and mary do that .
she will become a doctor in two years .
i think we would 've lost if our team had played yours .
we 'll have to do our best .
don 't tell me you didn 't hear that .
tom made mary feel very special .
sami was scared of farid .
it wasn 't working for me .
i planned on doing that .
social media is a waste of time .
i don 't use my bicycle very often .
tom laid his hand on mary 's arm .
tom should tell mary he doesn 't like his job .
please don 't say " i told you so . "
tom thinks that mary shouldn 't keep secrets from him .
i hope tom isn 't careless .
tom helps his father out on the farm .
tom did that the way mary suggested .
there 's only one problem with you .
she writes to her son every so often .
i consider him my enemy .
tom slept for more than three hours this afternoon .
i 'm still not very good at playing the <unk> .
everybody but tom knew that he didn 't need to stay in australia .
i 'd agree .
are we in trouble again ?
she had the reputation of being very strict with her children .
tom doesn 't still need to do that , does he ?
tom is probably going to be hungry when he gets here .
tom and mary thought that they shouldn 't do that .
art was then at its best .
sami received a birthday gift from layla .
should we really trust them ?
i suspect tom and mary are both single .
does anybody know how the fire started ?
does that mean i 'm in trouble ?
which shelf is it on ?
i know that tom didn 't know why mary had to do that .
sami didn 't do anything crazy .
tom is still the same , isn 't he ?
i can lend you one if you want .
he works all night and he sleeps all day .
i 'll meet tom there .
tom probably doesn 't know what i 'm planning on doing .
i 'm going to arrive in boston tomorrow afternoon .
tom said that mary was angry .
tom never used to eat so much <unk> food .
where would i find shoes ?
she wrote me back soon .
once in a while everything goes wrong .
it goes without saying that <unk> is the best policy in many ways .
sami and layla have already eaten dinner .
he became angry and <unk> her in the castle tower .
tom told mary about the accident .
tom thinks mary is in boston , but she 's actually in chicago now .
tom is happier now that mary has left .
tom is lucky to have had so much help .
tom was furious at mary .
look , there 's my friend .
can you tell us when this was made ?
they deny that they agreed to do that .
tom should call mary sometime today .
i 'm only trying to be nice .
she 's going to kill me .
the police decided to pay sami another visit .
i didn 't have to go to school today .
i could not get out .
the grass is green .
how was your date last night ?
i know that lots of people don 't want to do that .
mary didn 't feel she could do what tom was asking her to do .
she didn 't leave her apartment .
he is a creative , intelligent and <unk> individual .
tom said hi .
i think we should take tom home .
our family is very happy .
i know tom is a very close friend of mary 's .
tom said it wouldn 't be any trouble to do that for mary .
there was no way out .
let me work in peace .
i suspect tom and mary are more than just friends .
i 'm not afraid to ask tom .
she was a genius in mathematics .
i 've ordered coffee .
each passing car threw up a <unk> of dust .
shame on you for getting so <unk> . you looked ridiculous .
fire <unk> ( this was really his name ) was very ugly .
i haven 't seen him for a very long time .
tom appears to have a lot of friends .
it looks like tom only wears expensive clothes .
what are tom and i supposed to do about that ?
if you plant an apple <unk> , it might grow into a tree .
am i handsome ?
i expect you to be there on time .
tom used his umbrella as a weapon .
you never put things back where they belong .
he gave his blood to help his sister .
tom and mary said they wanted my help .
i can speak neither french nor german .
how long do you think tom and mary were watching us ?
i knew that tom would help me .
just call me tom .
when did you tell tom about that ?
they say that they 'll wait .
tom and mary said they felt bad about what they 'd done .
tom seemed very interested .
tom keeps a dream diary .
don 't shake the table .
i told mary i couldn 't do that without her help .
mary told me that she thought tom was skeptical .
are you sure you don 't want me to call tom ?
tom spends a lot of time in australia .
i should 've done my homework instead of playing games .
could you just get straight to the point ?
the grass is always <unk> on the other side of the fence .
i should have done what tom told me to do .
you must certainly be very hungry now .
you don 't have to try so hard to impress me .
this computer <unk> a great deal of time .
tom had a girlfriend named mary .
dan didn 't even ask for my permission .
you can 't start over .
i like to study english .
there 's a good chance tom will do that .
tom is worried about losing his job .
tom plans to buy another car .
do you know this girl ?
you are the blood of my blood .
tom warned me you might do that .
she is the most boring girl i ever knew .
i hope tom and mary get here early .
what is driving them ?
put the gun down .
this is one thing i know .
you just have to trust me .
i just wanted to see you again .
tom isn 't the one who planned the party .
tom says he just couldn 't let mary do that .
what kind of <unk> do you want me to buy for you ?
at last , we got through with the hard work .
nobody knew tom was in boston .
mary does most of the work by herself .
he is used to hard work .
how many times do i have to say i 'm sorry ?
he began to <unk> at the age of forty .
i didn 't know whether tom was having fun or not .
i 've wanted to work as a <unk> ever since i helped my grandfather build his house .
tom left the room and went outside .
if your pants are too loose , you might lose your pants .
i still make mistakes .
he 's afraid of his grandfather .
mary asked me to stay and help her .
how much money does tom make ?
she worked for a rich man .
tom has finally returned to australia after living in new zealand for three years .
he isn 't happy about this , is he ?
that 's tom 's .
i lost the game .
i 'll meet you after work .
i thought tom might win .
i knew that tom was a child <unk> .
tom was afraid to talk .
i never want to talk to you again .
we got it done .
tom isn 't the one who showed mary how to tie a square <unk> .
who 's taking responsibility for this problem ?
tom said he doesn 't eat meat anymore .
tom and mary showed us their photo <unk> .
you 'd expect more ...
sami has two sisters and an older brother .
i don 't like your sense of humor .
experience without learning is better than learning without experience .
he said that he had a hard day .
i can 't be around smoke .
would you like a piece of pie ?
i put it in my head to go there by myself .
you won 't believe what tom told me .
i got straight a 's on my report card .
she was great .
tom was killed in a traffic accident .
tom is fairly sure he can win .
we didn 't get anything for them .
towards evening a violent storm of rain came on , and the wind was so high that all the windows and doors in the old house shook and <unk> .
does this watch belong to anyone here ?
tom said you 'd know what to do .
" i guess you have to be a fool to <unk> <unk> ... " - " took you long enough ... she 's behind your back . " - " what the hell ? ! "
a large rock is large ; a small one is small .
tom put the list on the <unk> board .
i don 't think they actually get much of a <unk> .
wouldn 't you rather do that by yourself ?
tom and mary were married in october .
on monday , his condition improved slightly .
tom is ready to do that .
tom thinks that mary is good at everything .
could you please put these books on that table over there ?
space is the future .
can i talk to <unk> again before you hang up ?
the children ran down the hill .
tom is talking to someone .
stop making those faces .
i know that tom didn 't know mary needed to do that .
i was tired , because i had to work at the weekend .
i haven 't yet talked to my lawyer about this .
you were doing that just this morning , weren 't you ?
sami has so many pictures of layla .
tom told me that he thought that mary would be surprised .
sami and farid came out of nowhere .
tom should be able to do that without my help .
i was raised by tom and mary .
it 's her favorite italian word .
sami went several days without eating anything .
i knew that tom would like it if mary did that .
it isn 't up to you .
tom said that he thought that there was no chance that mary would do that .
tom could convince mary to do that .
i think that tom likes hanging out with us .
i 'm getting tired of looking at the furniture we can 't afford
we weren 't getting the job done .
how did you spend your summer holiday ?
the number of students who use their holidays to travel abroad is <unk> .
they aren 't in , are they ?
i know why tom and mary are terrified .
tom told me he thought that mary was nervous .
tom gave me a big bear hug .
tom walked to the gate .
mary said she waited until 2 : 30 .
you think i can do that by myself , don 't you ?
i cannot run as fast as jim .
do tom and mary know where you used to live ?
we appreciate his difficulties .
i don 't think that tom is scared .
tom and mary said they didn 't know french .
tom said that his company would likely offer me a job .
tom shouldn 't have ever tried to do that alone .
can you give me a hand with this table ?
tom and mary told me they 'd do that soon .
tom isn 't going to risk his life doing that .
you never change , do you ?
i heard that song so many times on the radio that i grew to hate it .
mary said that her house was locked .
we 've been here three days .
the eyes of the world are upon you .
he named it .
a computer is to the brain like a bike is to the legs .
i gave up smoking and i feel like a new man .
don 't do that until tom and mary get there .
sami and layla would spend a lot of time together in her room .
tom came out of the garden with a bunch of flowers .
he took off his shirt .
tom thinks that mary would be <unk> about that .
the average woman is bigger than i .
i haven 't been here before .
i think that 's a great idea .
it wasn 't in boston that we met .
tom doesn 't even know he 's in trouble .
you must replace it every 4 months .
boy was i wrong .
tell me what you need .
i 'm sorry about what happened .
i don 't steal .
i did that instead of tom .
sami saw layla on youtube .
what do you guys do ?
i think tom and mary are going to be hungry when they get home .
she left her son alone in the car .
tom and mary said they didn 't want you to do that again .
how that could have happened is a mystery to me .
i don 't think that it 's going to be easy to convince tom .
who told you we had to do that ?
obviously , it 's not working .
i can 't afford to buy everything tom wants me to buy for him .
i had to leave early .
sometimes i 'd like to know who invented winter and the cold .
i 'm sick of being hurt .
is that what this is really about ?
i 've had problems with my boss .
there 's only one more thing i have to do .
tom and mary shared many secrets .
i just don 't know why tom doesn 't want me to help him .
tom and mary did all they could do to help .
mary didn 't realize she wasn 't going to be able to do that .
tom thinks he can trust mary not to do something stupid .
i think the government 's to blame .
i will leave when john comes .
mary says she doesn 't know whether she 'll have time to do that .
does mary really have everything she needs ?
i 'm in a real fix .
take her somewhere .
tom said that he was going to come to australia to see me .
i know why tom wants to do that .
what happened to your eye ?
she said that she felt guilty .
the journey is more important than the <unk> .
tom told me his dog died .
he told the children about his <unk> in africa .
i really can 't understand it .
i didn 't buy you a christmas present .
they say they feel comfortable here .
he has a very friendly smile .
can i see a picture of tom ?
my son passed in three <unk> at a level .
he <unk> in his work until he succeeded .
will you sing today ?
is it difficult work ?
the late mr smith was a doctor .
even if you 're hungry , you must eat slowly .
mary thinks that she should do that .
tom didn 't tell anyone that he had thought about doing that .
tom didn 't know mary liked to cook .
perhaps you should help tom do that .
tom kept swimming .
i called him yesterday .
give them this picture .
that didn 't bother you , did it ?
he 's coming .
he has traveled around the world in <unk> days by himself .
can you hear i 'm calling ?
i don 't die .
do you have a camera ?
i got a call from tom today .
you told me not to do that .
jane may be playing tennis with my brother .
i suspect that tom and mary are upset .
tom doesn 't know how mary will do that .
god has a plan for sami .
i wasn 't given a choice .
i wanted to be the one to tell tom .
of course , i can 't tell him .
i don 't remember tom 's brothers ' name .
when could we do that ?
my mom passed away .
i 'd like to schedule an appointment .
it is easy for me to solve the problem .
they all knew her .
sami and layla traveled to cairo together .
i have no likes and <unk> about food .
mary said she wished she hadn 't told tom that she 'd go to boston with him .
i wanted to come .
tom doesn 't want to buy a birthday present for mary .
i 'm not going to let tom and mary do that anymore .
my house looks to the south .
my hour has not yet come .
sami swore that he would make layla pay for that .
i <unk> with people better when i 'm not caught up worrying about myself .
you shouldn 't speak with your mouth full at table .
i think i married the wrong tom .
i 'd be happy to get it for you .
i have a job interview tomorrow morning .
you should 've left me alone .
tom wished he were able to visit boston more often .
your french is getting better .
i should 've studied french when i had the chance .
did you hear that your company won the <unk> ?
what do you do with your clothes when they are worn out ?
i think tom went to the supermarket yesterday , but i 'm not sure .
i know tom will get out of this .
i hope he 'll get better soon .
my lips were blue .
don 't you ever do that again .
he tried to awake people from their <unk> .
they kept us in the dark <unk> their future plans .
do you know how to use an <unk> ?
i 'm not paying for this .
i delighted in going to his farm during the summer vacation .
tom hoped they 'd find mary alive .
i didn 't know you had so many cats .
tom has been very good to us .
all mary told me was that she was unhappy .
kissing tom was a mistake .
tom said you were there .
i 'm not happy about it either .
who are you writing to ?
tom knew that he was unlikely to be elected .
tom didn 't sound like he was kidding .
it wasn 't a real kiss .
would you like to go somewhere and talk ?
tom 's car is parked in front .
mary won 't tell me when she was born .
i 'm ashamed to tell such a <unk> story in this <unk> , rainy season , but please bear with me for a while .
have you seen him lately ?
mary said she doesn 't know any of tom 's children .
i think he needs to go there .
she told me that she was ready to go .
let 's play football !
tom said he didn 't drink coffee .
sami would complain about the <unk> and the other teachers .
she should talk to her lawyer .
i told you tom didn 't do that .
there aren 't any other options .
i know that tom knew who was going to do that for him .
vote for your favourite place .
it looks like tom and mary are angry .
do you have any questions about the food ?
i 've been so happy here .
they aren 't doing their best .
tom and mary weren 't able to do what they wanted to do .
you must 've had a nice day .
i thought that you 'd love it .
if you really want to have a child , you should <unk> .
tom 's not the <unk> bit interested in my suggestion .
i won 't be in time for the meeting .
i think tom told me the truth .
having spent seven years as a <unk> of war , tom was a broken man .
i must say that your writing is at a pretty good level !
i don 't think that we should go this way .
tom is very unlikely to cry .
tom didn 't know mary was planning to stay .
i want him gone by noon .
tom is evil .
he said he felt hungry .
i was puzzled about what to do .
how long can a dead language survive ?
i know that tom is ready .
tom isn 't here yet . he must 've missed the bus .
i don 't think that you can do that .
it looks like tom doesn 't know how to do that .
go and apologize to them .
do you think there 's any chance tom will be able to do that ?
please stay away from me .
in today 's <unk> world , the desire for <unk> can often be confused with having something to hide .
are you sure this <unk> what we should be doing ?
tom doesn 't want us to go .
mary said she 's never lied to tom .
i don 't want tom to think i 'm crazy .
i think tom has the ability to do that .
i stopped and stared at him .
we 're staying here .
they can help .
i asked you to stay out of my room .
i didn 't do this , did i ?
open up .
where did you clean them ?
i left it on the table .
i wonder if tom is really scared .
tom and mary said that they wanted to be left alone .
tom kissed mary goodbye .
there 're more than 100 people in the room .
they all look ridiculous .
it wasn 't his .
what do the news say today ?
that was one of the most important decisions i ever had to make .
we met that night .
we would like to live in this village and study the <unk> language .
that is all i can tell you .
tom is no friend of mine .
tom used to be fun to hang out with .
the other team tried to keep them from crossing the line .
maybe tom doesn 't know he isn 't supposed to help mary do that .
you don 't need to go unless you want to .
i 'm sure tom forgot all about it .
i didn 't like doing that .
i almost didn 't meet her .
tom can do that by himself now .
sami has been attacked by something or someone .
tom is very fast .
tom says he hopes mary knows who did that .
tom was the last student to leave the classroom .
i knew that tom would have to stay in australia longer than he had planned to .
there 's a difference but you can 't see it .
i looked around the room , but didn 't see tom .
i lost my dog .
tom and mary thought they were going to enjoy the party .
tom said that he wondered whether mary and i 'd really be able to do that by ourselves .
i don 't think that .
i think that tom has already tried to do that .
those who have no goal in life , live only to die .
he told me that he was pessimistic .
i didn 't want to do that without tom 's help .
today i don 't want to hear any <unk> .
sami missed his history class .
tom didn 't seem to be reluctant to do that .
they deserve it .
his father calls him tom .
where are you traveling to ?
i got a good job .
i wonder when i 'll wake up tomorrow .
<unk> , they spoke ill of you in school .
she is used to living alone .
tom 's prison sentence was suspended .
i 'm quite wealthy .
we want the government to serve the entire population .
tom wasn 't <unk> , but mary was .
we provided food and clothes for them .
yesterday i listened to a very beautiful song .
tom and i are both in australia .
this is a story of love and friendship .
i don 't mind if you leave .
i know that tom is a good husband and father .
i 'm not sure if i already <unk> you to tatoeba . so possibly for the second time : welcome !
sami lost his will .
sami suggested it .
tom picked up the glass of juice and took a <unk> .
it would be a pity to let all our hard work go to waste .
the waiter came over to take tom 's order .
when tom woke up , he found that mary had disappeared .
somebody must have followed us here .
mary told me she didn 't like green <unk> .
i hope we have a white christmas .
i wonder whether tom has another one .
i don 't know whether he 's younger or older than me .
mary knew that she wouldn 't be able to pass the test .
you 're quite welcome here .
i know that tom didn 't know where he should do that .
mary said she 's sure tom can win .
i won 't discuss this with them .
you know where i 'm going .
at this time , you don 't need to understand everything .
if you were <unk> the bill , you wouldn 't say that .
mary was wearing her new hat .
tom said he thought that it would be better not to do that by ourselves .
i have two classes tomorrow morning .
i know tom doesn 't want to do that , but i want him to do it anyway .
it 's hard to imagine what was going through fadil 's head .
tom seems really disappointed .
do you feel ok today ?
i thought that you said you were going to be in australia this week .
if i could , i would love to experience once again a <unk> love like in middle school .
let him stay .
mary said she didn 't think tom did that very often .
i didn 't know that tom and mary were dating .
you should calm down .
do you own a pet ?
i 'm sorry that i couldn 't help you .
sami was still a baby .
there is almost no water in this bottle .
i need you to control yourselves .
they looked like they were frustrated .
do it like he tells you .
i don 't feel too warm .
wait a little longer .
i am looking for a shop .
i 'm pretty sure i haven 't done everything i need to do .
i don 't like to be ignored .
can you tell us what tom 's up to ?
women are meant to be loved , not to be understood .
you guys need to go brush your teeth !
the more i think about the future , the more i worry . so , i 've decided not to think about it anymore .
sami can see everything .
i wonder what the <unk> wanted to express with this .
guess what i 've got for you .
i think that tom has a big advantage .
tom is likely to be out , isn 't he ?
tom says he doesn 't have an email address .
you 're supposed to be doing that now .
you don 't have to beat your way .
you 're a <unk> , aren 't you ?
check if everything is correct .
my friends and i want to throw you a goodbye party .
tom wondered what could have made mary change her mind .
ask me again in three months and i might have a different answer .
monday is the only day of the week that i don 't get home before 2 : 30 .
i think tom probably wouldn 't trust mary .
he paid a visit to his friend .
i was surprised to see an old friend of mine there .
tom thinks that his house is haunted .
let 's sit next to each other on the bus .
i have lived a life of a <unk> of fortune .
i wonder if it 'll really be cold tomorrow .
i suspect that tom was there .
sami hit on layla a few times .
tom doesn 't know how the computer works .
it 's going to take us hours to finish this .
you 're cooking now .
what 's this i hear about your going to start up a village <unk> society , anne ?
i wonder why tom is doing this .
do you think tom is going to come to pick you up ?
did anybody ask tom why he did that ?
i know tom won 't be able to do that as quickly as mary .
tom didn 't know where he was .
i 'd like to talk to you this morning if possible .
you owe me a new <unk> that isn 't full of coffee .
please don 't bother to come in to the office if the weather 's bad .
i got up early as usual .
tom reads everything he could get his hands on .
sami got shot .
tom and mary said they didn 't know what they were supposed to do .
i thought you were going to stay home .
" i am also a <unk> <unk> . " - " oh , really ? " - " no , it was a joke . i am also a <unk> . "
tom and mary don 't really know how to ski very well .
tom and mary said they were pessimistic .
my car has power windows and power door <unk> .
tom and mary say that their goals haven 't changed .
i heard that .
don 't stand in my way . stay out of my business !
mary did more than what we asked her to .
is there anything you want to say ?
he developed an early interest in international <unk> .
he got home by himself .
the child wouldn 't say ' yes ' .
you 're already old enough to do that by yourself .
i thought you wouldn 't like tom .
the dogs on this island belong to everyone .
that girl is <unk> , but now she lives in the united states .
tom is the only one here who 's tall enough to reach the top shelf .
don 't tell him just yet .
i think i went to school with your brother .
russia is the largest country in the world .
sami was worth it .
it happened three years later , that is in <unk> .
where did he get on this bus ?
tom said that he needed to call the police .
what difference would that 've made ?
tom said he 'd try to keep mary from doing that .
i can teach you how to drive .
she <unk> in her car and drove off .
give tom a second .
tom said mary knew that he might have to do that by himself .
tom shouldn 't have left early .
you didn 't know i no longer had to do that , did you ?
there are usually never many cars on the road this early in the morning .
tom might be swimming now .
nobody is interested in my country .
which one of you is the oldest ?
sign your name here .
did you enjoy your visit ?
i 've eaten already .
are the windows all locked ?
tom said that he thought that doing that would be fun .
you may go in .
they could do what they had to do .
i guess i 'm just too stupid to understand what you 're trying to say .
they discussed the problem .
he told me that he was strict .
tom hates his parents .
i am tired of hearing it .
apparently all that doesn 't work perfectly yet , but the system is interesting .
tom didn 't want to go to the play .
i know tom will likely not know how to do that .
tom and mary didn 't admit their mistakes .
boston seems to be the place to be .
he changes his mind a lot .
tom didn 't know what mary was reading .
my god , what have i done ?
you know that tom is a doctor , don 't you ?
i think it 's unlikely that tom would ever move .
the price of <unk> is so high that we can 't buy a big car .
you got paid , didn 't you ?
it was in <unk> that the second world war broke out .
nobody will believe that .
you can 't fire him .
tom asked me if i had a dog .
tom isn 't mad at you anymore .
i didn 't know i should do that .
mary doesn 't trust anyone else to do that for her .
i don 't think that any of you realize the <unk> of this .
i support you 100 % .
i wish things were different .
we 're going to the movies tonight .
mary told me that she was pessimistic .
the sign says " no smoking " .
why were you here ?
tom said that mary has passed away .
let 's go inside and talk .
do you want the job or not ?
everybody but tom knew that mary was in love with him .
neither tom nor mary has anything you want .
you said you wanted quick results .
i know that that won 't happen today .
tom has to go to school .
tom poured cold water over his head .
we cannot do that .
we 're behind schedule now .
a person with common sense would never do this kind of thing .
tom will be here by this time tomorrow .
i had my eyes checked .
there 's a bird over here .
tom is going to be <unk> when he gets home .
tom should have done what mary told him to do .
tell tom and mary that i 'm not interested in going there with them .
who told you that you could swim here ?
i should 've told tom and mary that they had to do that .
i don 't think tom will be angry .
why do you care ?
i 'll make her do it .
she put a <unk> on so she wouldn t catch a cold .
by chance , i met my professor at a restaurant last night .
they had to go themselves .
yes , i said that murder is a <unk> , but i never said that <unk> are wrong .
tom said his parents let him do anything he wants to do .
she said she was worn out .
tom sat on the park bench just watching the other children playing .
could you find out how to get there ?
tom and mary said they like swimming .
he said he was a bit tired .
tom isn 't so certain .
why does she think i did that ?
we all enjoyed it .
can i do anything to help you ?
what you did made tom angry .
i knew that tom wouldn 't be awake .
i 'm afraid of tomorrow .
tom thought you would do that .
is the bath ready ?
you 're part of me .
tom is probably going to have a good time doing that .
tom didn 't sleep all night .
he says what he thinks .
when was the last time you wore your <unk> ?
we spend the <unk> in our country house .
she closed her ears to what he was saying .
you can 't have everything in life .
tom didn 't come and neither did mary .
sami will never forgive layla .
i believe in what they said .
what to do when you 're tired ?
i need to talk to you now .
tom finally decided to break up with mary .
she said that she wasn 't broke .
tom stopped taking his medicine .
he knows the situation well enough .
tom and mary told me they felt better .
we want tom to stay and help .
i 've already told tom that i plan on staying in australia for another three weeks .
she could see the moon and the stars . when she saw a dark <unk> <unk> between her and them , she knew that it was either a <unk> swimming above her , or else a ship <unk> with human beings .
tom is pretty good at changing the subject .
we buy a lot of material in the summer because there 's nobody around .
did mary say she loved you ?
i think tom is going to be all right .
i 'm sure we haven 't done anything illegal .
tom asked us to do this quietly .
if it weren 't for your <unk> help , everything would be ruined .
tom isn 't <unk> , but mary is .
i don 't remember where i left my umbrella .
it 's been a while since i 've done that .
mary is calling her sister names .
there 's always somebody there .
what was the matter with tom ?
people say that all the time .
it 's impossible to do the <unk> of tokyo in a day or two .
tom didn 't have to talk .
a tree fell on my new car and i had to <unk> it .
i didn 't think that you could do that by yourself .
i think i wouldn 't be able to wear something like that to work .
she lives with her aunt .
sorry , i can 't come into work today because i 'm feeling under the weather .
where did she study yesterday ?
please understand that , under these circumstances , we have no other choice but to find another <unk> .
i know tom didn 't know why i was scared to do that .
how do you know i know what i 'm talking about ?
the door is half open .
i 'm pretty sure he 's right .
i 'd say we 're ready .
i think that i could 've helped tom .
you told tom you couldn 't do that , didn 't you ?
are you still able to swim ?
you should know better than to ask that .
everything is the same as before .
maybe we should turn back .
tom denied that mary was the one who convinced him to do that .
tom likes watching tv .
do you think tom will ever make money doing that ?
tom asked mary to buy him something to drink .
tom was dressed in black .
tom hates the whole human race .
i actually did that yesterday .
sami and layla were muslim .
i can 't believe fadil did this to me .
this is an example sentence .
she said that she isn 't thirty yet .
i think i need to do that .
i prefer working this way .
mary is walking her dog .
put the gun on the table .
he asked me if i agreed with him .
i 'm thinking of going to <unk> on my next date with jane .
tom and mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that by themselves .
i asked tom to help .
we were waiting for tom .
we want you to join us .
i 'm so excited . we 're going to the beach today .
can you tell her to call back ?
he seems to know what he should do .
i can 't stand mondays .
i have been busy today .
do you work in boston ?
i thought i 'd go to boston with tom .
i 'm sure tom won 't remember mary .
deep down tom is a good guy .
you look nice .
tom should be furious .
i have a store in boston .
tom said that he 'd talk to mary .
once and for all , let 's get this over with .
you almost sat on my hat .
tell me what i want to know .
to make a long story short , we buried the <unk> .
tom told me he thought mary wouldn 't be able to do that .
tom probably doesn 't know that i don 't like him .
why are you drinking in the morning ?
mary couldn 't do anything she was supposed to do .
how did she get into that class ?
how did you guess that ?
i wasn 't like all the other boys .
i know that tom isn 't much of a <unk> .
tom and mary looked at each other for a few minutes .
tom didn 't expect that mary would be able to play the <unk> so well .
sami is completely full of hate .
is the club gay or straight ?
mary did that yesterday , so she wouldn 't have to do that tomorrow .
tom has two sisters . both of them live in boston .
the man is driving a car .
tom is going to be mad at mary when he finds out that she forgot to do what she was supposed to do .
i don 't want to have kids , and i don 't want to get married .
did he admit it ?
let 's order a pizza .
they aren 't going to do that , are they ?
i study at the university .
tom is never going to let you drive .
tom is on the train .
where can i buy one ?
i leave home before eight o 'clock every morning .
tom and mary become friends right away .
i don 't think that i 'll do that here .
when he saw the policeman , the thief dropped the purse and ran .
i like a spring evening with a quiet <unk> .
was this somebody else 's idea ?
my dinner just came back up to say hello .
they will arrive at six , and then we will all have dinner .
my father calls me tom .
tom is going to stay here .
there 's still some cream in the fridge .
i thought tom would be able to drive .
hey , what 's going on here ?
i think that tom could stop mary from doing that .
mary is in the third grade , isn 't she ?
i bet i can prove it .
he lost everything he had .
where can i park this truck ?
a good night 's sleep will do you a world of good .
tom and i went <unk> together on monday .
can you do without the car tomorrow ? i need it .
he showed him where to leave the suitcase .
if i have time , i 'll do that .
is this your car ?
it is good to be kind to others .
tom and mary said they were determined not to do that .
layla was trying to be a good girl .
we 'll go on a picnic next sunday .
tom wanted to be a scientist .
keep this information under your hat .
i thought you were going out with tom .
tom and mary didn 't know exactly what was expected of them .
they think you did all that on purpose .
tom and mary flew to boston yesterday .
she said that she had met him three months before .
i told tom all about the accident .
that 's a nice song .
i love that place .
i know somebody needs me .
i have no questions .
you forgot to mention whether it was successful or not .
tom said that his schedule would change .
i 've just talked to tom about that matter .
let 's not get up so early tomorrow morning .
tom wished he hadn 't promised mary he 'd go to boston with her .
tom looked me straight in the eyes .
i didn 't know that i was supposed to do that before you got here .
by the time tom realized what was happening , it was too late .
i wonder if i 'll enjoy doing that .
tom said that some things wouldn 't change .
mary is able to do that with her eyes closed .
i knew that tom knew who had to do that .
" is there any reason i need to be in the <unk> room when my wife is giving birth ? " " only if the word ' <unk> ' means anything to you . "
does tom need to stay home today ?
tom knew nothing about mary .
tom told me he thought mary was busy .
tom will probably do that again today .
it 's really interesting to translate all this stuff into other languages .
she knows what she wants .
she is kind by nature .
i knew that tom shouldn 't be doing that .
i 've asked them to stay .
tom entered the conference room , carrying a large <unk> box full of documents .
tom didn 't try to argue with mary .
we can 't just ignore that .
tom tried to act like nothing was wrong .
how can i ever forgive myself ?
tom said that mary is suspicious .
i don 't think i 've forgotten anything .
we tried to warn him .
could i stay and help you ?
i own all the books .
i think your new hair color looks good .
you must work according to your ability .
tom is also a teacher , isn 't he ?
i hope you 'll all be friends with me .
tom thinks it 'll be ok .
tom took piano lessons when he was a kid .
this is also a good movie .
he looked like he was angry .
tom gave it to us .
tom said he was able to do everything he 'd planned to do .
he spoke not a word , but went straight to his work , and filled all the <unk> ; then turned with a <unk> , and <unk> his finger aside of his nose , and giving a <unk> , up the <unk> he rose .
tom has finally <unk> what he set out to do .
you should let her help you .
you missed a lot .
you 're just not trying .
boys are more likely than girls to play video games .
i will return earlier tomorrow .
where on earth were you ?
i 'll make tom do it .
tom might not realize what time the meeting is supposed to begin .
tom asked me to meet him at the station .
while we were out for a picnic , our house 's lock was picked by a thief .
tom thinks mary wouldn 't be able to do that .
it was nearly midnight .
there isn 't much wine left .
sami was charged with six <unk> of murder .
tom has no trouble doing that .
tom said mary is probably still pessimistic .
it <unk> us to hear that things were so cheap .
you never do anything wrong .
some will gain , others will lose .
he stood like that without moving , just like a <unk> .
have you told anybody else about this ?
tom and mary often played tennis together after school .
they don 't know yet .
i have some homework to do .
you are happy about the result .
tom said he was ashamed .
why didn 't you tell tom you were hungry ?
he never visited him .
tom said that he hoped mary would like the gift he was planning to give her .
the translation of tokyo is " the <unk> capital " .
layla had that feeling again .
i don 't think most of us could do what tom did .
i 'll never be given the chance to do that .
everyone knows who you are .
i thought you came to see tom .
tom was early for his appointment .
two is a couple , three is a crowd .
mary said that she likes swimming .
if there was nothing wrong in the world there wouldn 't be anything for us to do .
don 't drive so fast .
tom is going to show me the <unk> .
linda was called back from college by her father 's sudden illness .
i think we impressed them .
they said that they 're thirsty .
i serve no one .
everyone can make a difference in the world .
tom confessed .
do you know tom and mary well enough to ask them to do that ?
it 's easier dealing with other people 's problems than with your own .
i don 't have a son .
i am looking forward to the trip .
sami told his boss .
they would 've found tom if they 'd only looked harder .
tom has a passion for music .
sami is talking to you .
i advised tom not to eat the <unk> he found in the woods .
she has been blind from birth .
imagine <unk> somebody so hard that they turned into a door . then you found out that 's where all doors come from , and you get <unk> into a murder club that makes doors . so there are like super strong <unk> who <unk> people into <unk> doors and shit .
the kid is <unk> away with his toy .
" why are you wet ? " " i fell in the water . "
the fire started immediately .
i know that tom knows that mary 's not supposed to do that .
if she asked you to jump off a bridge , would you do it ?
germany is at the heart of europe .
stay calm whatever happens .
i 'm going to be in my office all afternoon .
the sky is <unk> and it will rain .
sami came without calling .
why 's tom angry with mary ?
either tom doesn 't want to do that or he can 't .
this patient 's conditions are getting worse day after day .
about this time tomorrow , we 'll be climbing mt . <unk> .
sami was still in the kitchen .
tom 's and mary 's <unk> were blue before they painted them red .
he said that he felt like dancing .
tom 's teacher told him to pay more attention to his <unk> .
some young japanese people prefer being single to being married .
you like drawing , don 't you ?
considering that you have explained it to him many times , he must have already understood it .
come closer in order that you may see the <unk> better .
friday is the day when she is very busy .
it 's been a particularly good week .
tom has moved away .
i thought tom and mary were talking things out .
tom had fun with mary and her friends .
i made my brother go to the station .
tom recently got out of prison .
i 'd like to get a dog .
tom saved up three hundred dollars .
the information is very important to us .
i know that he is not going to pay me .
did you know tom was planning to move to australia ?
he admitted he knew the secret .
where have they taken him ?
everyone 's there .
how kind you are !
mary told tom that she thought john was unemployed .
everybody seemed on the best of terms with everybody else , and jokes and <unk> passed from one to another with the most <unk> freedom .
i don 't think tom is in the mood to work right now .
if i were not such a <unk> myself , i 'd call you one , for your treatment of your wife .
i 'm afraid we 're going to be late for school .
i thought that you didn 't need to do that .
he can swim on his back .
this is the hospital where tom used to work .
sami should stop following layla around the school .
tom said he was going to permit us to do that .
tom wanted to be a criminal <unk> lawyer .
red wine goes well with meat .
tom must be busy .
you 're not thinking about leaving , are you ?
tom is certainly not trying very hard .
we 'll still be able to make it on time if we hurry .
show me where it hurts you .
the rescue party searched for the missing passengers .
there 's not much we can do for tom .
we 're still having those same problems .
he was surprised to find the great artist 's <unk> hung on the wall <unk> down .
tom said that he had something to show you .
she couldn 't come because she was sick .
i don 't understand his words .
my parents taught me to be open <unk> .
how is your health ?
obviously not !
i 've done all that i 'm going to do .
i think that tom should talk to me .
can i stay at your house ? i don 't have a place to go .
tom told mary that she should be the first one to do that .
i probably should 've just stayed quiet .
i like your idea .
tom said i should 've asked mary for help .
i 'm here to take care of you .
they said that they 've been offered $ <unk> .
could you keep an eye on him ?
sami went on a business trip with his boss .
what ? i can 't hear what you 're saying .
tom left a few minutes ago .
tom said he wished he hadn 't been late .
i 'd like it if you would clean this room before i get back .
i began to sweat .
we were just getting to know each other .
" may i kiss you ? " " i 'd like that very much . "
the bad weather prevented me from going to work .
tom started out as a street musician .
during that <unk> , the fate of doctors was in the hands of people who did not understand medicine .
tom isn 't willing to do that unless you help him .
we 're a very poor country .
the current world is a world of knowledge .
are you going to let her <unk> you like that ?
tom didn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seemed to be .
sami had to turn the tv off .
sami doesn 't know anything about the <unk> community .
tom and mary told me that they were hungry .
i want to see him again .
tom must 've been awake .
this does not mean only the study of language , history or <unk> .
this girl is from japan .
my parents object to my opinion .
it 's different now .
you 're in love with someone else .
i work even on sunday .
i 'm pretty sure tom knows french .
you have no idea what i have done or who i am .
both tom and mary know they don 't belong here .
two is a pair .
try not to get wet because of the rain .
i am preparing to sleep .
it won 't be long .
i am sure of his passing the coming entrance examination .
would you like me to teach you how to play chess ?
if it hadn 't been for the storm , i would have arrived sooner .
tom didn 't even wait for mary .
we must fight for our democracy .
tom wants to know if you have heard <unk> 's news .
nobody 's seen tom and mary in a month .
i 'll not divorce you , unless you give me a good reason .
her wish is to become a good teacher .
they forgot to lock their house .
tom liked to play in the snow .
those answers will eventually come .
tom is the one who helped mary do that .
she looked lonely .
i 'll be here if you want me .
where 's my tie ?
without tom 's help , mary would 've failed .
they spread the rumor abroad .
he said he 'll try to do that .
tom said that he doesn 't think mary should do that by herself .
don 't you have school today ?
you want a divorce , don 't you ?
her friend waited for her by the gate .
that 's a very <unk> idea but you should be careful .
i poured myself something to drink .
i know that something horrible will happen .
i want to make sure this is <unk> .
the ice was so thick as to walk on .
tom told me he 'd try to win .
i prefer working to doing nothing .
i wonder if mary really knew she should do that .
in my opinion , that 's not a good idea .
we 've been asked to do that .
tom says he sells about thirty <unk> of bread a day .
we are trying a completely new method .
i 'm coming over to your place .
that 's not for me to say .
sami didn 't want to talk about religion .
tom and mary hurried up the steps together .
he must do it now .
where are they swimming ?
tom works for a small company .
i don 't think that we should do that yet .
i figured everyone was hungry .
you may need to stay in boston a little longer .
tom got hit by a car .
the coffee is great .
you know i don 't need do that , don 't you ?
perhaps tom will do that .
tom got himself another beer .
this may take a minute .
each to their own .
he kissed her and she kissed him back .
tom will tell you how to do that .
she can do that anywhere she wants .
tom gave his son a <unk> for christmas .
it just doesn 't seem possible .
don 't you intend to do that ?
please show me where australia is on the map .
how do you know someone hasn 't already found it ?
tom and mary said they were too young to drive .
tom thinks that the answer is no .
tom is a dentist .
" thank you . " " no , thank you . "
ask her instead .
tom won 't see me anymore .
mary looks young , doesn 't she ?
it 's a big deal to tom , i think .
she wanted me to help her today .
tom has read many books about that .
granted that he is honest , but i doubt his ability .
tom says this is the first time he 's tried to do that .
tom and mary said they were asked to do that again .
tom wasn 't a good dancer in high school .
we stand for democracy .
tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs .
tom played outside all afternoon .
tom said nobody else could help mary .
tom said that mary had a cold .
i like to argue .
all things come to those who wait .
what 's tom 's theory ?
you aren 't <unk> to do that , are you ?
i 'd like to stay another night if i can .
tom and mary said they thought i looked like i was bored .
he convinced his daughter to not marry tom .
this is your color !
i know what tom is going through .
what did you do with our money ?
i will be working all day tomorrow .
christmas is our <unk> time of the year .
where there are friends , there is money .
i 'll take your word on that .
let the dog in .
layla locked her son sami in the basement .
even though he was poor , he was happy .
don 't you want to stop him ?
i don 't think that tom is satisfied .
bob has too many books to read .
now you 've gone and ruined everything .
honey , i love you .
i don 't think tom knows he 'll never be able to do that .
the birds are red .
take some time off .
why don 't you guys head on home ?
the <unk> at the party was larger than had been expected .
tom spent three years in australia .
there was no way i could 've done that without your help .
i 'm cleaning the kitchen .
the tallest animal in the world is the <unk> .
i 'm surprised that tom doesn 't know how to sing at least one song in french .
tom <unk> dirty example sentences he finds in his dictionary into his notebook and <unk> them .
do you like the piano ?
tom knows what mary did .
that church on the hill is very old .
please tell me all these horrible <unk> are a lie .
tom wasn 't outside .
this soup tastes like fish .
i won 't tell her if you won 't .
i think everybody has an idea of what tom is capable of .
sami laughed at layla .
is your room warm ?
it 's a long way from tree to chair .
he made up his mind to do that .
i didn 't know that you were a doctor .
i know tom is in love with mary .
a man should have the courage to admire people who set high goals , even if they fail .
ken will bring tom .
you lost a lot of blood .
what prevented tom from doing that ?
my world is you !
i know that tom is too young to be doing that .
tom made a lot of money selling <unk> .
i can 't find my luggage .
my room key , please .
tom didn 't even have money for food .
this is why they can find their way around the world .
tom is quite young , isn 't he ?
do you think mary can take care of herself ?
you 're the reason i 'm here .
they <unk> out his name from the list .
she is always hard at work .
<unk> always said : " you 'd better set some money aside in case you get sick . "
i would often play tennis with him .
tom had trouble sleeping because of the pain in his legs .
i think that tom can help .
are you planning on buying a car ?
have tom and mary ever eaten at this restaurant ?
the police arrested all those who had <unk> in the illegal street race .
tom doesn 't like playing video games .
i can see nothing at all .
tom needed someone he could trust .
somebody 's going to pay .
tom and mary told me that they thought john had been <unk> .
i drink it , because it 's <unk> . if it was <unk> , i would eat it .
i did that for as long as i could .
tom told mary he could do that by himself .
i 'm going to buy bread .
why did you fire him ?
he admitted that he was curious .
mr. white and i aren 't friends . we 're just <unk> .
there are going to be a lot of questions .
i hope you sing .
you don 't look like a weight <unk> .
i 've got to catch some <unk> 's .
she told me that she was unlucky .
tom can 't see me .
you are one of the most <unk> people i 've ever had the <unk> to <unk> . and i mean that in the best possible way .
tom left the room without saying a word to anyone .
it isn 't safe for me here .
i can 't believe that <unk> is still there .
i have got to go now .
i 'm fairly certain that tom and mary are innocent .
one man one word . one woman one dictionary .
we just have to find them .
i thought tom would want this one .
tom will stay with us .
i don 't think that they 've seen us .
i ran into tom in the park .
life belongs to the living , and he who lives must be prepared for change .
go and see him .
tom got out of jail on october 20th .
i was glad to see him .
tom says he doesn 't want to go to australia .
who sent this to us ?
she poured her sister a glass of water .
is french a required class ?
tom said that mary thought that he might not have to do that .
sami is not coming tomorrow .
we 're having guests tomorrow night .
tom is in the forest .
please take off your shoes at the door .
you don 't seem to know very much about tom .
i wonder what is going to happen .
he lives as if he were a <unk> .
she told her son to behave himself at home .
he ran as hard as he could in order to make the 8 : 30 flight bound for <unk> .
what 's on the other side of this wall ?
get out of the way .
tom says that mary definitely won 't accept the job .
i can 't see in because the <unk> are closed .
i want to fly more than anything else in the world .
they were on board the same airplane .
i stayed in australia for three months .
tom has at least 300 books .
i 'm sorry to hear that you got a divorce .
children learn by example .
i wasn 't given a chance to do that .
of course she passed the test .
tom has complete faith in his boss .
tom and mary hoped that john would eat lunch with them .
she put the money in the bank .
tom is eating lunch .
this problem is hard to solve .
where are they going to ?
i 've never stolen anything .
tom searched his bag for a pencil .
i don 't think tom knows when mary will be here .
lots of old people are killed in traffic <unk> every year .
i do not feel like doing it .
you 've got a lot of <unk> to do .
sami decided to take layla home .
why should i want to do that ?
tom should tell mary he wants to quit his job .
you should have stayed away .
sami 's dog seems fine as far as i can tell .
that 's the tallest building i 've ever seen .
tom told mary she should probably not put so much stuff in her suitcase .
i 'm familiar with this neighborhood .
i felt a <unk> when i went out of the house .
mary is creative , isn 't she ?
it 's going to take <unk> three hours .
i 'm going to have the chance to do that .
if god did not exist , it would be necessary to <unk> him .
sami had a love affair online .
i looked at the painting .
i was a little behind in my loan <unk> .
tom drank most of the beer that we 'd brought .
should we help tom pay for that ?
how much is the whole package ?
dan told me the biggest lie i 've ever heard .
he told everyone he was fine .
if you don 't have any ideas of your own then you just have to steal some .
i know i shouldn 't do that , but i think i will .
tom 's body has never been found .
he still kept on smoking .
it would be perfect .
tom speaks french much better than anyone else .
he can explain the situation .
it 's only a short way , so you can walk there in a few minutes .
tom didn 't hate mary .
kill me with words !
tom was sure that everybody saw him .
i 've told you all that i can .
could i turn off the light ?
i did that and tom did that as well .
in this country we can find work and earn money .
why do tom and mary want us to do this ?
tom and mary don 't want to become <unk> .
i guess this is over .
this course will help you master correct <unk> .
tom has been most than generous .
tom seems to be making progress .
tom is a liar if he says he saw us together .
are you fond of music ?
you love doing that , don 't you ?
there was only one bottle of beer in the fridge .
i 'm glad he liked it .
who are my real parents ?
who did you see at the party yesterday ?
he asked his personal assistant to ignore any <unk> from his mother .
you may not smoke here .
it 's hard to lose somebody like tom .
our teacher is a complete idiot .
she just does what she 's told to do .
sami started thinking that his father needed to die .
tom could tell that mary was bored .
there can be no doubt about their marriage .
he 'll say what he always says .
sami likes it here .
from the look on his face , he is in a bad mood now .
sami saw layla like a week ago .
no one has seen him recently .
tom took an apple out of his lunch <unk> and began eating it .
i didn 't know tom wouldn 't be interested in doing that .
i thought you were happy here .
sami showed us some <unk> of his trade .
tom spends less time studying french than mary does .
first of all , we have to plant all these <unk> .
taking up their <unk> , i would question them .
the bus was so crowded that i was kept standing all the way to the station .
to tell the truth , it does not always pay to tell the truth .
she danced with him at the high school <unk> .
sami and layla were making out at the party .
stop making stupid people famous .
please show me on the map .
well , let 's talk turkey .
did you read that book i gave you ?
you would 've liked tom .
tom still hasn 't answered my email .
it 's more than three kilometers to the station .
the hospital has three wings .
why is mary singing that song we asked her not to sing ?
i thought that i asked you to come alone .
tom said he thought mary might be tempted to do that .
his books have been translated into several languages .
they look like they 're in pain .
you 'll never know .
there 's hardly any chance that tom will win the election .
we might not be so lucky next time .
we 're busy , tom .
he came back about nine last night .
tom and mary are doing the right thing .
tom said that he knew who did that .
tom did everything we asked him to do .
can you help solve this problem ?
that 's not what i 've heard .
tom was <unk> back and forth in the parking lot , waiting for mary .
i thought you had found someone else .
i wonder whether or not this really works .
i opened my eyes to see where i was .
i don 't have much time to waste .
i want you to send this report to tom .
you might be able to help them .
i don 't want you to give up on us .
i thought that tom would be exhausted .
let 's ask tom what we should do .
if you paid attention , you 'd be worried too .
the beautiful woman is kind .
tom said that he didn 't think that he 'd ever be able to do that .
you can believe me , because i heard this news first hand .
her <unk> isn 't normal for a young girl .
sami has just been released .
tom probably couldn 't do that .
i 've already been <unk> by the police .
it 's awful , just awful .
tom is one of the three guys who were able to do that .
tom has called in sick the last three days .
sami doesn 't like soccer .
i had an amazing date last weekend .
is there any sugar ?
we have to know right away .
may i see it now ?
i should never have let you do that by yourself .
it isn 't right .
this dog eats almost anything .
are tom and mary prepared ?
he is at the head of the class .
we 're headed in the right direction .
that sounds like something tom would say .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice wasn 't done doing that .
little <unk> still doesn 't know where he 's going to go next year .
don 't get in my way .
tom did that without asking for help .
i thought you 'd be here .
don 't grow up to be like me .
what you 're <unk> is just not practical .
tom says he wants to visit mary in australia .
before going to study in paris , i have to brush up on my french .
mary said it was tom who told her she needed to do that .
tom said he didn 't think that mary knew how to cook chinese food .
sami is asking layla 's hand in marriage .
tom says he saw nothing .
sami had no patience .
i hope tom and mary are coming .
let 's play some football .
layla drove very far from where she lived .
tom hasn 't yet kissed mary .
she said she enjoys doing that .
i don 't think that tom is fit for the job .
you look very pretty .
i hope tom will help us .
i think there 's something inside this box .
it is often easier to make plans that it is to carry them out .
it must 've been an accident .
he built a new house for himself .
she went to bed early .
it 's very comfortable .
who did tom plan on staying with in australia ?
how am i going to get this <unk> ?
tom was ready do it all alone .
they don 't know why they 're here .
she got more than she needed .
when are tom and mary going to come over ?
i 'm not going to try to do that .
you shall have my car .
she told me that she was homeless .
tom is always free on monday .
there 's a problem with the <unk> , i 'm gonna try and fix it .
i know that tom hardly ever does that by himself .
he stood up and looked at the mouse .
i need to help tom .
i can 't leave australia until next monday .
i wasn 't able to do everything i wanted to do .
is there anything you can do now about that ?
tom put his wallet on top of the <unk> .
sami is gonna be in trouble tomorrow .
tom spent most of his life in boston .
i thought i heard tom and mary were going to do that .
i 've just decided to move to boston .
there was a problem .
those shoes do not go with the suit .
who invented this strange machine ?
tom didn 't finish his dinner .
do tom and mary like their new jobs ?
i won 't get the chance to do that again until next week .
who told you that the genius <unk> was a muslim ?
i don 't want any dinner .
the question whether i should quit college or not bothered me .
i need to know the truth .
i know that tom is a few months older than mary .
the judge called for a <unk> of two hours .
i can talk tom out of doing that .
tom has to be troubled .
let 's start over again .
does tom go to the market ?
give me your blood , i will give you freedom .
i thought you said i have to do that .
i wonder whether tom and mary are suspicious .
there 's nothing else we have to do .
tom insisted on my paying the bill .
maybe you 're not as stupid as you sound .
it won 't be easy <unk> mary to go .
the event is still fresh in our memory .
it 's dangerous to live near a <unk> .
do you think you could do that for me ?
let the dog go .
they fixed the sign to the wall .
i wonder if you 'd help us .
mary is going to do it her own way .
tom is going to school in boston .
one of you is lying .
this isn 't my umbrella . it 's someone else 's .
you don 't seem to be as <unk> as tom .
did that really happen ?
she will return home next sunday , that is , the <unk> .
will anyone care if tom doesn 't do that ?
i would be happy to help you .
could you turn off the tv ?
we all make <unk> of ourselves at times .
how has having such a big family <unk> you ?
i 'm worried about what 'll happen if tom and mary come .
come and join us .
that wasn 't smart .
tom and mary say it makes no difference to them whether john does that or not .
he called at the <unk> 's on the way home .
i doubt that tom is still alone .
who did you learn that from ?
tom told me to be careful .
tom has some amazing stories .
i have a pain in my neck .
i 'm way younger than tom .
when i was a child , i spent most of my time <unk> reading .
i know tom will be able do that again .
i don 't understand what you 're driving at .
my advice is to not tell tom .
i know that tom isn 't a very good <unk> .
what could it all mean ?
tom is out riding his bicycle .
tom has decided that he isn 't going to sign the contract .
he 'd do anything you ask him to do .
i can 't understand why they 're such good friends . they have hardly anything in common .
i 'm not having an affair .
i thought i might be required to do that .
i heard someone come in .
you 're supposed to help him .
do you know what street tom and mary live on ?
you can always quit the job .
i just do what i 'm told to do .
they should let you see him .
they were adopted .
i 'd like to make a call to japan .
i 'm likely to still be in australia in october .
who told you that you could do that ?
all the boys spoke , each in turn .
tom will be <unk> back to boston after lunch .
there are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth : not going all the way , and not starting .
the report isn 't quite finished .
i 'd like to drink something .
tom and mary are planning to go together .
to whom were you speaking while you were waiting for the bus ?
i was convinced that i no longer needed to do that .
i have an extra ticket for tonight 's concert . would you like to go with me ?
tom is going to get angry if you keep doing what you 're doing .
do you know if he can come to us tomorrow ?
how did you know that you had to do that ?
i was convinced i had to do that .
how could sami have married such a woman ?
i just wanted to tell tom something .
tom said he wasn 't going to sell the family farm .
nice to know you .
i like to visit <unk> . is that normal ?
is this your sister 's ?
i don 't think tom knows about this yet .
i knew you wouldn 't forget them .
tom asked me where my car was parked .
people ask me ' why would you want to <unk> a piece of <unk> like that ? ' but this little beauty means the world to me .
tom told mary that he 'd go to boston in october .
you 're almost done , aren 't you ?
tom picked up the newspaper and read the <unk> .
he 's concerned for his safety .
my girlfriend said that she 'd kill me if i got drunk .
he said that what he meant .
oh well .
bill doesn 't like the fact that his father <unk> a lot .
tom wanted to come with us .
tom doesn 't know i 'm here .
sami doesn 't know what to do in <unk> like these .
tom and mary don 't want to go abroad .
tom will need at least $ 300 to buy everything he needs .
tom and mary like both boston and chicago .
i wish you could have seen tom do that .
he got his arm broken while he was playing soccer .
sami wanted to quit the band .
she told me that she was sick .
tom will probably be outside .
his eyes filled with tears .
i 'd rather wear ugly clothes than wear no clothes at all .
they told me they were headed home .
my taking the book is <unk> by my seeing it .
tom 'll manage .
i knew tom was in his bedroom <unk> his money .
tom and john realized how small they were compared to the other boys .
aren 't you a singer ?
i 'm not in any trouble .
i don 't really understand what tom wants to do .
the teacher went through my purse .
everything is against us .
i know that you hired a lawyer .
if only i 'd done my homework !
you should let tom know you 'll do that tomorrow .
i didn 't get a chance to even try .
let her do this .
is it time for something new ?
if you don 't know , maybe tom does .
tom wanted to be here , but he had to be somewhere else today .
i don 't want that until tomorrow .
tom started crying and mary started crying , too .
i think you 've convinced tom to do that .
sami is going to see layla .
he is anxious to know the result of the test .
don 't listen to tom . he doesn 't know what he 's talking about .
he said that he wasn 't impressed .
he spoke with me in english in order to show off .
i know that tom is a wise man .
tom ought to have told mary the truth .
we 'll find out when we get there .
what 's your real opinion ?
sami is the father of my child .
tom is wearing a heavy coat and gloves .
it 's nice to be here .
he feels that his life has gone to the dogs because he doesn 't have any money .
i 'm positive tom didn 't win .
that might be a good idea .
i don 't know the latin language .
he told me that he wasn 't coming .
i 'd rather have a piece of cake .
we might be able to do that next week .
last night there was a full moon .
mary didn 't believe what tom told her .
we 're coming back tomorrow .
what 's up with you and him ?
how long can we expect tom to wait for us ?
tom got back this morning .
i thought that you expected me to do that .
can i get someone down here to help me ?
i can take you to tom .
tom has a lot of foreign stamps .
you 're not afraid of ghosts , are you ?
tom quit school for health reasons .
she 's on her way to the hospital .
i want to name the baby after you .
please stand by me when i need you .
she speaks only about work .
she has told me she needs to do that .
every man in his way .
are you sleepy yet ?
tom was the first one to get injured .
i didn 't like anyone who was there and no one who was there liked me .
she realized she 'd said way too much .
who else do you plan to tell ?
most people around here don 't have electricity or running water .
tom started writing .
she loved her family and friends .
tom said that mary thought she might not be allowed to do that at night .
he tried to make his point .
i don 't want to talk about tom .
it may well rain before tonight .
tom doesn 't want to go to the party .
i can 't stop watching .
layla was single and she had a child .
everyone but jim came .
music is your passion .
i seldom need to help tom with his homework .
don 't hit me so hard .
how am i supposed to <unk> with that ?
tom said that he thought that i should do that .
tom was getting impatient .
you can owe me .
tom handed the list to mary .
dan brought up his children in london .
what 'll you do then ?
tom told mary that he wanted to go to boston with her .
does mary take care of you or do you take care of her ?
that 's where you 're wrong .
tom has come to boston .
we 're going to the pool .
tom was reading a book .
what do you see in her ?
in my <unk> , he is an honest man .
mary is making lunch .
tom was <unk> , but mary wasn 't .
tom seems to be in pain .
i wonder if tom and mary would want to sing with us .
we don 't have to talk about it if you don 't want to .
i know that tom is broke .
i 've bought some land near boston .
don 't let tom take it .
it isn 't as easy as it looks .
tell me about australia .
tom showed me some photos yesterday .
mary isn 't here . she went home .
it 's nice , isn 't it ?
i know that tom is afraid to go out alone at night .
dan informed the police of linda 's true <unk> .
they sleep with their windows open .
they would have been killed if the car had gone over the <unk> .
they aren 't very good <unk> , are they ?
how long did it take you to walk to the station ?
tom said that didn 't happen .
tom sure spends a lot of time at mary 's house .
i have the worst luck with women .
tom thinks mary wasn 't in boston last summer .
tom paid off his debt .
in my city , there is no school for learning esperanto .
someone is calling me .
sami can 't survive in such an environment .
tom and mary said they were going to go to boston to see john .
you sure do know how to have a good time .
i love the rain while i 'm studying in my room .
it 's all happening again .
you 're supposed to do that .
i couldn 't be more disappointed .
we were all on the bus together .
sami was fucking layla .
what 's the matter with it ?
i don 't think tom and mary know they aren 't supposed to do that .
tom and mary aren 't going to wait any longer .
tom and mary have three children under the age of thirteen .
sami heard screaming .
i want to eat a good <unk> bread .
let her get some rest .
tom and mary are unlikely to come by themselves .
tom always seems to be bored .
some people think that there are too many <unk> in this country .
don 't you have a pen ?
thank you for doing this , tom .
i can 't speak any french .
does tom ever tell you what to do ?
he took the elevator to the <unk> floor .
i wish i could have gone with tom .
tom says he doesn 't need to do that .
tom is making me do this .
let 's all pray together .
sami walked into his room .
we made good business today .
do you know mary 's boyfriend 's name ?
i saw a woman i didn 't know talking to tom .
it 's just a simple question .
that 's not soon enough .
<unk> are worn short or long as one prefers this year .
tom and mary hoped they wouldn 't be too late .
let 's move on to another topic .
tom sees things differently .
why is no one here yet ?
do you wanna sleep ?
i 'm leaving australia .
the pilot was <unk> to control the plane .
in order to make us and everyone else remember this day , i ask everyone to plant a tree with us .
i haven 't written a letter in a long time .
we danced together .
i <unk> of the plan while i was smoking .
make sure tom comes .
why don 't we go out and get something to eat ?
they were really unlucky .
i sent one .
tom thought he might need to do that by himself .
tom isn 't thinking about that .
is there a zoo in the park ?
there 's just one problem .
youth comes but once in life .
i 'm about to turn thirty .
i heard mary crying in her room , so i went to check on her to see if she was ok .
he is related to me by marriage .
i don 't find it very special .
your life is the <unk> of your way of thinking .
we 're trying to do our best .
tom will pick me up at 2 : 30 .
it 's going to be a long trip .
you must be really hungry .
tom is wearing a blue cap .
sami works all night during the weekend .
don 't you teach french ?
you 're not going there by yourself , are you ?
sami doesn 't like jeans .
i asked tom if i could play his guitar .
mr. <unk> , won 't you please sit down again ?
unfortunately this book is difficult to find .
she 's got a fair <unk> while her brother is very dark .
what do you think of this shirt ?
we 're not the only ones here who know tom .
i don 't know whether what tom said is true or not .
tom and mary said that they 'd do that soon .
you still haven 't told tom why you don 't have to do that , have you ?
people once <unk> the idea that the earth is round .
if tom and mary want to do that , let them .
if tom doesn 't eat this , please give it to mary .
i must talk with her .
you all have two books .
she said that she enjoyed the show .
mary told tom why she was late for his party .
tom and mary promised me they 'd help me clean my room .
i can 't control him .
i would like to see the contract .
tom thinks that mary is lying .
tom and mary think they could probably win .
tom might be in boston .
sami wants that gun .
every time <unk> go up in price , many people try to give up smoking .
<unk> is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once .
they released him with the <unk> that he should not go out of town until the investigation was complete .
he who is absent is always in the wrong .
i hope tom and mary appreciate it .
" no way ! " " way . "
do you think tom will be offended ?
give me back my phone .
how do you make the ball <unk> like that ?
we always get a lot of snow this time of year .
the parking lot was located two buildings ahead .
he came back home three days later .
sami was in that seat .
look , i know how you feel .
is it <unk> to say that all men are created equal ?
i don 't like to argue .
i won 't ask tom to help me do that .
how much cheese do you think tom eats ?
i used to try really hard to get straight as .
can he keep it going ?
she says she 'll quit doing that .
i 'll try to fix this , but i might not be able to .
he told me that he wanted to win .
" unfortunately the <unk> split open when i was <unk> them . " " it doesn 't matter , tom . they still taste good . "
you 've tried so hard to put me to shame , haven 't you ?
i won 't accept any more <unk> from you .
sami and layla have been dating for six years .
he said he wasn 't surprised .
tom found it difficult to stay on his diet .
i 'm sure that this is some kind of mistake .
i 'd never seen tom so angry before .
i speak english a lot .
last monday , tom and mary ate lunch together .
i don 't feel much like eating .
the gold <unk> was much more valuable than was supposed .
tom began to search the house .
i don 't think that tom was correct .
he didn 't show up .
tom thought that mary and i were supposed to do that by ourselves .
i 'm afraid that i 'll get lost .
tom has done what he was supposed to do .
tom and mary soon realized they were alone .
i don 't know how i 'd survive on my own .
can you make sense of this poem ?
i know tom will do that for us .
tom is a member of the <unk> band .
my house is big .
tom won 't have to do that again , i <unk> you .
tom said he didn 't know why mary went to boston .
does tom think he 'll be in boston all summer ?
everyone except tom knew he didn 't need to do that .
not everyone is properly <unk> for his efforts .
i didn 't know that you were here .
it was a dry day .
they were soldiers .
tom and his friends played baseball last weekend .
i wonder whether tom and mary weren 't supposed to do that .
unfortunately , i don 't have a say in the matter .
i need this more than tom does .
he saw the accident on his way to school .
i want to eat chinese food .
tom said that mary wasn 't afraid anymore .
this homework will take very long .
maybe tom and mary don 't know anything about it .
we 've got a bunch of useless <unk> we should get rid of .
i need this job .
when i think of germany at night , i feel <unk> .
you 're the last person in the world i would like to see <unk> ; you 're boring enough on your own .
why do they do that ?
sami saw it , too .
tom didn 't know her name .
tom doesn 't seem to go swimming anymore .
tom said he knew that he 'd be able to win .
she became a teacher at the age of twenty .
i want to go to the store where tom works .
he seems kind .
tom said he enjoyed himself in boston .
i don 't think i 'll allow tom to do that by himself .
tom still hasn 't gotten out of bed .
sami walked up to layla 's table .
what 's the value of that ?
when did you first meet her ?
she has a <unk> on her right leg .
tom and i weren 't the only ones who decided to do that .
let 's get a cab .
now this is more like it .
<unk> , you will not be mad now .
i didn 't know tom was still in prison .
tom recognized mary as soon as she walked through the door .
i 've got two tickets for the concert . wanna come ?
he taught french to his friends .
sami didn 't like those girls .
tom said that he was going to give it back .
i had no sales today .
i 'd like to hear that .
south africa is far away .
sami still remembers layla 's exact expression .
you 're going to be jealous .
i discussed it with him .
i think you shouldn 't have done that by yourselves .
i wonder if tom still remembers how to do that .
the project was finished on time .
may this day be the <unk> day in your life .
tom told me he thought that mary was adopted .
you did that at the last minute , didn 't you ?
we 'll never forget them .
we tried our best to help them .
i can 't tell him the truth .
did you two have fun ?
i know tom knows how we did that .
i bought myself a car even though i don 't yet know how to drive .
his failure is a <unk> of my success .
you can visit tom as often as you like .
i 'm not the one who did that .
i 'm so sorry about what happened the other night .
i would be glad to do that for you .
it 's <unk> correct , but a native speaker wouldn 't likely say it that way .
sometimes her free manner seems rude .
i haven 't had much sleep lately .
i love games .
that 's what tom and i are supposed to be doing .
we are a light for the sight .
i 'll be a bit late . keep dinner warm for me .
i walk too slow .
has mike quit drinking ?
he 's cleaning out his closet .
she brought him to our place to meet my parents .
have you ever taught anyone french ?
they said they walked home .
what lies ahead ?
she 's not ready .
it 's a deal .
tom doesn 't know who mary wants to do that with .
teaching asks for a lot of patience .
tom has already stopped crying .
tom told me his parents were getting divorced .
tom should try doing that more often .
i write every chance i get .
they don 't really know , do they ?
i need to know where tom was last night .
i 'm in a hurry for school and i can 't talk with anybody right now .
tom is a really bad liar .
i think it 's a little too early to celebrate .
he said that he had a good weekend .
i 'm getting advice from him .
i 'm so tired i can hardly walk .
bob filled the pot with water .
unfortunately , my father isn 't at home .
this movie is very popular among young people .
tom prefers to do that by himself .
they were afraid .
have you known her long ?
tom knew what mary was going to say .
the number of houses being built was <unk> .
mary is a lot smarter than she looks .
" is he in love with you ? " " i don 't know . "
tom is too young to buy beer .
tom was eager to see mary again .
that 's what i 'd like to do .
i think i 'll ask tom what he thinks .
i wanted to kill him .
everyone can be mistaken .
this city is not for me .
it was the <unk> baby they had ever seen , and looked , <unk> , as if it were dying .
tom pointed to the map on the wall .
i think that tom did a great job .
tom and mary want me to wait until they get here .
mary said that she wasn 't sleepy .
tom walked away from the restaurant .
sad .
sami is my best friend .
he came to tokyo at the age of three .
where did he get his degree ?
<unk> , i can tell that you 're a daughter who cares a lot for her parents .
kate drinks lots of milk every day .
my brother seldom , if ever , goes to church .
i didn 't catch what you said .
tom was shocked when he saw mary kissing john .
tom could beat anybody .
the bus has already gone .
tom 's wondering if any of his kids will remember that today is father 's day .
do you really think tom and mary are suspicious ?
they 're having a <unk> dinner on their date .
tom has been generous .
tom is going to be here by evening .
tom was always kind .
the computer is often compared to the human brain .
she held out her hand .
doesn 't tom look scared ?
i don 't think that it would be a problem to do that .
both tom and mary retired from the company when they turned <unk> .
i paid ten dollars for the book .
it 's going to be difficult to <unk> what caused the problem .
do you want me to get rid of this ?
we don 't let people like you in here .
<unk> is certainly part of the present , past and future life of man .
she seemed to want me to help her .
the woman who wore the white clothes was out to a party .
you 're pretty busy , aren 't you ?
tom asked me if i had experience doing that .
tom doesn 't look as old as mary .
tom can play the piano better than me .
tom said he wasn 't cold .
i 'm taking good care of tom .
i suspect tom won 't need to do that .
tom and mary don 't want to leave boston .
they said they had a good weekend .
she told me she wasn 't sleepy .
mary told me she felt fine .
tom is never going to forgive me .
tom may not have known mary would be here .
i 'm not from around here .
tom wants me to come back to see him tomorrow .
mary doesn 't need to go there if she doesn 't want to .
i 'm very angry with you .
unless caught stealing , one is not a thief .
tom isn 't the only one who thinks that 's going to happen .
who 's that girl ?
i 'm very happy about that .
tom picked mary up at a bar .
please forgive me for doing that .
here 's a picture of him .
what day of the week is october 20th ?
that doesn 't really answer the question .
tom says he knows that mary could do that if she tried harder .
i make the building out of wood .
tom told me that he thought mary was cool .
i have never heard of him since .
the thought that tom might do that worried mary .
he lost a watch .
i hope this 'll be the last time i see you .
she owns a large property .
i wonder why tom and mary pretended they didn 't understand french .
" man is <unk> . " that 's my opinion . but if we 've already been born , there 's nothing to be done about it , we must live for a little ...
tom <unk> to say he isn 't coming .
if only you had helped me yesterday , the problem would have been <unk> .
has anyone found tom yet ?
i don 't think i should tell tom about that .
why don 't we rest here ?
sami suffered a horrible wound to his leg .
you 're just trying to <unk> blame away from yourself .
i wish i hadn 't married him .
people can 't find true friends in the internet .
tom was a university student in 2013 .
i know what that 's worth .
i want to take a closer look at that report .
" what do you want for christmas ? " " i don 't know . "
mary is quite brave , isn 't she ?
tom was sitting on the porch and reading a book .
she is now better off than when she was young .
i can 't remember how to say " thank you " in german .
sami has been married twelve times .
you have no idea how i feel .
stand by for further instructions .
he has a cute accent .
i hope that i didn 't <unk> the job .
does love exist ?
did you want to kill them ?
sami 's dog is so ugly .
tom asked me to say goodbye for him .
you grew up in boston , right ?
" lost ? " - " yes ... " - " frightened ? " - " yes . " - " confused ? " - " yes ! " - " good ! <unk> ! "
they 're not sure what they should do .
they looked like they could 've helped .
i was curious .
don 't forget to tell tom that .
i 'm sorry that i told you .
several apples fell from the tree .
what a great day ! i 'm feeling <unk> !
the rope was a couple of meters too short .
don 't hide under the bed .
life is rarely fair .
i don 't yet know whether i can go or not .
i sat down on a bench .
tom fell asleep just as the movie started .
my name is <unk> , but you can call me tom .
i 'll take whatever you 've got .
i trust <unk> , who is a man of his word .
i have no idea how to use this thing .
mary didn 't say what you say she did .
what a cute kid !
i 'm studying too many languages to start learning a new one .
there is no man but loves himself .
i didn 't know tom and mary were angry .
why are tom and mary shy ?
tom said that he was glad he did that .
what do you think this sentence means ?
mary said that she didn 't think tom would be afraid to do that .
tom and mary weren 't able to help us today , because they were busy .
customers came one after another .
tom didn 't say where he planned to do that .
why did i go wrong ?
i burned all the letters that you wrote me .
we 'll die .
i shouldn 't have told you that .
tom opened his eyes .
why didn 't we help tom ?
you can study here .
tom wants mary to go to australia with him .
i 'm serious ! ok , i 'm kidding .
please let me in .
this world is a <unk> three hundred million light years away from the world where you live .
is tom still on the phone ?
we 're glad to see you .
" shall we dance ? " " oh , no . i don 't know how to dance . "
i thought that i told you to cancel that order .
mary doesn 't need to work . her husband 's rich .
i must be out of my mind .
i don 't often do that on mondays .
tom walked into the store .
she took off her clothes .
what do you study ?
the sun soon <unk> from behind the clouds .
tom and mary deny that they agreed to do that .
is it worth it ?
layla gave lots of cash to sami .
do you want me to try it ?
you have to let me talk to him .
tom and mary said that they might do that tomorrow .
tom said he had to wait for mary .
if you 're cold , come here and sit down by the computer .
tom said that he 's seen mary do that .
i can 't go to boston next week .
did you ever talk to him ?
tom isn 't stronger than me .
mary wouldn 't change her mind .
the <unk> in their search for gold discovered many other things of greater value .
i 'm not falling for this again .
last night my daughter didn 't come home until half past one .
you really don 't need to do that .
did you go somewhere this summer ?
we 're never going to do that .
tom didn 't like living in the city .
do you think tom might be busy ?
enjoy yourself .
tom and mary told me that they hated christmas .
tom and mary won 't be able to move the piano by themselves .
you didn 't need to do that .
i did that for tom for quite a few years .
the door is open now .
fadil had no problem keeping his secrets under <unk> .
i want to get out of here as fast as possible .
i need help with this .
most of the people i know live here in australia .
mary said she 's reluctant to do that .
you 're a star .
you seem convinced that tom has to do that .
they 'll pay .
people tell me things .
tom will definitely help us .
i cried so hard that night .
you have to do that before you can go home .
sami never ever touched the engine .
i know that tom is a very good actor .
tom said mary would do that .
tom and mary were neck and neck .
tom has been dying to tell someone about being accepted into harvard .
tom held his head in his hands .
she has to take in the <unk> of her pants a bit .
i know tom rarely does that .
i would like to express my <unk> for what you have done for this town .
sami was sitting at the bus stop , waiting .
i forgot how good you were at golf .
tom had to do some work .
they said that they couldn 't swim well .
tom thinks that i 'm his enemy .
what 's the first thing you did when you woke up this morning ?
i haven 't actually ever been to boston .
it has been almost 4 years since tom passed away in a car accident .
tom has a picture of his dog on his desk .
i promised tom i 'd hang up the laundry .
i 'm pretty nervous right now .
i knew you wouldn 't get punished .
i don 't think that tom has much longer to live .
you are not funny .
i 'm not !
i tried to hit tom .
don 't touch that book .
" i 'm afraid of having eye surgery . " " it 's no time to be saying that kind of thing . at this rate , you might lose your <unk> completely . "
tom has already decided that he isn 't going to say yes .
tom and mary told me that they liked the movie .
he went to tokyo with the dream of becoming rich .
i really don 't feel like talking right now .
tom and mary said they didn 't care whether john did that or not .
tom is a bit confused , isn 't he ?
layla saw in that a solution to her problem .
you aren 't listening to what i 'm saying .
mary told me she was going to boston .
this is the first time i 've ever <unk> myself with a true fan .
i 'd like to make a speech .
i flew above the clouds .
tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that .
do tom and mary really want this ?
is he a friend of yours ?
tom made it clear that he had nothing to do with that .
i won 't eat that .
how would that feel ?
tom was surprised to find mary sitting all alone in the <unk> .
leave the room immediately .
she won 't hurt herself again .
mary likes doing that by herself .
i love to study languages .
i felt a drop of rain on my head .
how many hours a day do you spend in your office ?
do you want to watch television ?
tom is <unk> of what mary is doing .
mary married a man much younger than herself .
it was very cold , but i went out .
tom said that he knew that mary wouldn 't cry .
we shouldn 't have left tom and mary there by themselves .
they say that they only eat <unk> food .
tom has been trying to figure out what he needs to do .
tom said that three of his <unk> were dead when he went out to <unk> eggs this morning .
is it a nice place ?
tom is getting better , isn 't he ?
i can 't help anyone .
tom seems to be a bit scared .
i 'll get something to eat later .
the young ones <unk> their money on drinks .
tom is looking for a cheap place to live in boston .
you don 't interest me .
we don 't listen to each other enough .
did you kill your wife ?
sami asked layla what she was doing there .
what time is dinner ?
that 's my favorite chair .
if it had been important , i would have done it .
i think i 'll brown bag it this week .
i know tom didn 't know that he wasn 't supposed to do that by himself .
tom should 've been able to finish doing that yesterday .
i know this is a tough situation .
the gun went off by accident .
it was sami 's blood .
the earthquake has destroyed the old house .
i was late for the appointment .
i have to wait for tom 's call .
sami was talking back and forth with a ghost .
he was really a child of his times .
tom and mary said it was john who told them they should do that .
let 's forget about them .
tom thinks he 's a good person .
tom didn 't want to go out for a walk .
that 's not what i thought .
i didn 't think tom really had to do that by himself .
tom is stronger than mary , isn 't he ?
sami <unk> out in the middle of the night to go talk to layla .
that really wasn 't easy !
she gave <unk> thought to what to do with the money .
why does tom need to leave today ?
i just finished the dishes .
i think that tom is still determined to do that .
there seems to be no way out of here .
you know i can 't be in australia next week .
" it 's just a big <unk> , you get high , you get <unk> , you get the money and you just keep going around and going around , and you have to break off all of them to even be doing okay . " it is an <unk> battle . " i just need the support and to believe in myself that i can make it . it 's a funny spot i 'm in . "
it looks like your dog wants out .
i 'm sure tom and mary said they weren 't planning to do that .
i know that tom knows he had to do that .
do you want to <unk> before going downstairs to the street ?
she told me that she was desperate .
i don 't <unk> with cold , rather with anger , that it hasn 't got any <unk> .
tom kicked the ball with his left foot .
thank you for <unk> a poem to me in berber .
sami can leave now .
sami knew that his wife was having an affair with a married man .
tom hasn 't been told that he needs to do that yet .
tom didn 't seem concerned about what might happen .
tom cut me off .
i don 't think tom knows why mary had to do that .
tom said mary is curious .
tom 's new <unk> is so small he can fit into the <unk> of your hand .
what did mary say she was doing ?
you weren 't difficult to find .
tom and mary are upstairs .
i didn 't think tom and mary would want to do that by themselves .
are you still with her ?
why not share your language skills and get some help with the languages that you 're learning ? that is what we do here .
i wonder if tom wanted to sing .
he grew old .
i know how to deal with it .
where did she get these eggs ?
while he was talking , i guess i was <unk> .
although she lives nearby , i rarely see her .
you can never be happy if you feel <unk> of other people .
tom said he thought that he might not need to do that by himself .
is the place clean ?
i used to play golf .
i 'll bet that i can beat you to the tree .
that building has changed hands many times .
i 've decided not to do that today .
mary quit her job last month .
tom doesn 't like to be the first one to do that .
you don 't seem very happy .
it appeared a true story .
you 're quite sharp , aren 't you ?
i thought that you said that you were going to be working today .
tom said that mary was likely to be finished eating by now .
tom took a drink from a bottle of wine .
the dentist will see you only by appointment .
it was clear that tom was supposed to help mary do that .
tom says he has no idea what happened to mary .
why aren 't you married yet ?
tom thinks he 's smarter than everybody else .
you should learn not to <unk> your options .
go to work , everyone .
the last time i talked with tom he said he was planning to get married .
we cannot follow your plan any longer .
i want to have a <unk> house and garden .
i felt someone hit me from behind .
how heavy is this box ?
catch the rope !
he may eat whatever he wants to .
shouldn 't tom be helping us ?
i 'm going to stop tom .
i think i can do better .
i don 't think it 's fair to single out tom .
tom couldn 't help us .
i don 't like anyone in my class .
i know that you don 't speak french .
i had a good time talking to tom .
you can 't read too many books .
let me take a break , please .
tom belongs to the tennis club .
i think you 're missing something .
i want to know what caused the accident .
i must remember to write that down .
tom hit " send " by accident .
the <unk> and file members of the union attended a <unk> meeting to vote on the proposal to take strike action .
this is harder than i thought it would be .
i met a smith at the party .
i haven 't seen them recently .
we have an <unk> of plant life here .
they said that they were in a hurry .
free time is the best of goods .
tom has promised that he 'll never be late again .
i know that you don 't know who i am .
the parking lot in front of the bank was completely full .
i don 't think tom has much of a chance .
she isn 't sure she wants to do this .
i didn 't know tom wanted to go yesterday .
sami makes funny videos .
nobody remembers .
tom yelled mary 's name .
the movie was horrible .
tom bought his son a sports car .
sami used layla 's bathroom .
i was trying to tell them that .
it 's too bad that you won 't be able to take a holiday this year !
shall i get you a chair ?
this is what i bought in spain .
the boat is to leave for england this evening .
" but he doesn 't usually run around without the teacher 's permission . " " but he 's <unk> the teacher . " " how is he <unk> him ? " " well , it 's not the teacher 's intention for him to run around three times a day . "
in winter , night falls quickly .
he wants to give it to jack .
tom will be taking mary somewhere special for her birthday .
you 're always hungry !
the doctor is a great authority on children 's <unk> .
i 'll bear it in mind .
i wouldn 't miss it for the world .
i can see tom , but he can 't see me .
mary removed her coat .
tom 's mother forced him to go outside even though he didn 't want to .
the <unk> was full of spirit and confidence .
you should have seen sami .
the problem isn 't him .
do you think i want to do this ?
we were more or less disappointed about the election .
i went down by elevator .
why do we have to study french ?
tom said that he was planning to get there early .
do tom and mary know what you expect them to do ?
tom denied that that was the case .
tom has to tell mary to do that .
tom would be hurt if you said that .
tom knew that mary was with john .
she was busy doing her homework .
tom said he didn 't know that eventually mary was going to leave him .
tom says mary is good at doing that .
i understand your point .
think what you want .
i put my hand on his shoulder .
we have to go somewhere .
you said you wanted to ask me something .
tom called to say wouldn 't be back until after 2 : 30 .
tom and mary knew what they were doing was wrong , but they did it anyway .
i understand french fairly well when i read it , but i have trouble understanding spoken french .
i know what you were hoping for .
he said he was done for the day .
i 'm not really all that busy .
he looked like he was stuck .
tom isn 't honest at all .
my father is on an international trip .
tom gives us everything we need .
why aren 't we allowed to do that here ?
i know tom wants to talk to mary .
i didn 't know what tom had done .
i don 't think that 's the point .
tom was shot in his chest .
i a piece of paper , but i don 't have anything to write with .
i might go swimming today .
they are in the car .
tom looked really tired .
i know that you aren 't comfortable .
tom realized mary had to help john do that .
tom and mary are arguing about something .
tom needs to be fair .
do tom and mary want to eat with us ?
.
i 've already done what i was supposed to do .
a cat can see much better at night .
mary thought she heard a shot .
tom said that he 'd rather stay at a hotel near the airport .
<unk> , tom was able to do that .
you should 've told me sooner .
i thought tom might ask mary to the dance .
i had planned to stay in australia all month , but something came up and i had to come back to new zealand .
it was very cold , so they stayed at home .
tom is extremely selfish .
he came home dead tired .
don 't get smart with me , or you 'll get a black eye !
shouldn 't tom do that ?
i 'll do everything i can to help you .
i 'd like to go to either boston or chicago .
in what kind of world are we living ?
it 's <unk> in <unk> than it is here ! what is this world coming to ?
mary 's phone rang , but she ignored it .
tom seems frightened .
i wonder why tom didn 't wait for us .
you knew i might be required to do that by myself , didn 't you ?
they did that until the day they died .
this one 's nice .
tell her everything is fine .
tom can talk to mary if he wants to .
a lot has changed since then .
you people do good work .
tom is likely going to be too busy to eat until after 2 : 30 .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be there .
i don 't know whether tom came by car or by bus .
i want to buy this jacket .
sami had problems with me .
sami helped layla with the interview .
sami 's dictionary was sitting on the seat .
sami was making such a scene .
tom told me that he was very hungry .
i hope to go to australia next year .
sami went to answer the door .
i need those shoes .
tonight , i 'll stay at home .
when i think about it now , our family lived a very miserable life .
you said that before .
are you sure tom needs to do that ?
tom says mary won 't like doing that .
the european union has <unk> official languages . but important <unk> are often available only in three languages : english , french and german . this <unk> a <unk> for anyone who isn 't <unk> with any of these languages . it 's already high time to think about a <unk> , common bridge language .
it shouldn 't take us too long to do that .
the boy went to school .
with all its <unk> , <unk> and broken dreams , it is still a beautiful world . be careful . <unk> to be happy .
tom was heartbroken when mary passed away .
tom and mary don 't know how john will do that .
my first french teacher was tom .
i 'm running a little behind schedule .
it wouldn 't be fair to her .
i thought i was alone .
i thought that you 'd figure it out for yourself .
you were the one who chose to do that .
have you been mean to tom ?
i thought that tom and mary were married to each other .
you should just talk to me .
tom thinks that mary won 't be nervous .
i 'm giving you an opportunity .
mary , we 're your friends . you can tell us .
what 's this medicine ?
tom can 't get home by himself .
we need to find out where tom works .
behind the tall building there is a <unk> .
tom has done so much .
i had a lot on my mind , so i wasn 't really listening to what tom was saying .
love is not outside you . it 's inside you .
tom was lying flat on his back on a hospital bed .
i 'm almost certain that tom will be at the meeting tomorrow .
i 've been seeing things .
tom was afraid mary might change her mind .
she loved mary .
tom became very busy .
tom has nowhere else to go .
she said that she felt very tired .
it 's okay , tom . it 's over .
you don 't need to feel sorry for tom .
tom didn 't mind living by himself .
the road is frozen ! don 't let him drive !
tom told me that he 'd be supportive .
it would be cool if i could speak three languages .
american <unk> have a fair <unk> right to claim they got a raw deal from the government .
in the <unk> place , i do not want people to think that i am afraid of anything .
tom taught mary a lot .
she didn 't have a <unk> on her .
tom isn 't doing that for his children .
he is like a father to me .
i said exactly what they wanted to hear .
we know that you lied to us about that .
we 're <unk> and homeless , but at least we got rid of all the <unk> .
we were expecting a lot of snow .
i want the truth from you .
he took on more than he could handle .
sami knew nothing about layla 's evil intention .
i think that there are many places to see there .
tom and mary should tell john they want him to help alice .
she went out of the room in anger .
tom didn 't tell me why he needed to do that .
tom and i work at the same company .
tom was sitting next to mary .
tom thought he was the only one who needed to do that .
i thought tom and mary said they didn 't know how to do that .
tom ran out of his house in a hurry .
what 's that supposed to mean ?
i no longer need them .
he said that he had to leave .
how did you get invited ?
sami was driving to the bank .
you can leave it with me as long as you need to .
tom seems like he can 't wait to get away from me .
i 'm afraid he will never admit his <unk> .
tom is dressed more <unk> than usual today .
it 's twenty past six .
he says he 'll think about it .
if you do like this , you won 't <unk> your friends ' trust .
tom and mary ate breakfast before their children woke up .
how much of what i 've written here do you understand ?
is there room at the counter ?
tom had to make do with a glass of water with his food because he had no beer at home .
he put all his money in the safe .
they are used to the <unk> climate of the summer .
this bus can hold fifty people .
it 's obvious tom was lying .
they said they 'd also help me do that .
tom is responsible for this situation .
we will <unk> to finish the job by the end of the week .
i think that tom is in his office .
i don 't think tom would ever really do that .
tom told everyone that he didn 't know mary <unk>
miss <unk> is in charge of my class .
this looks like a great place for a picnic .
tom and mary denied they left early .
i know that tom can 't do that any better than mary .
tom is a bit shorter than mary .
i thought it 'd take months .
tom let mary do that .
aren 't you coming to boston this weekend ?
the united states became a nation in <unk> .
we have to put off making a final decision until next week .
mary wasn 't wearing a baseball cap when i saw her this morning .
they 're proud of their families .
he is a boy , isn 't he ?
tell layla that i love her .
i forget to write my date of birth .
we invite you to come visit us in the summer .
he is the center of attention .
did you discuss any of the issues on our list ?
do that !
he asked the general to take back his order .
tom isn 't going to do that .
i don 't think tom knows what mary expects from him .
that helps a bit .
do you have a bike ?
i 'd suggest not doing that anymore .
i don 't know why tom is sad .
if it rains , we 'll cancel the trip .
i didn 't really want to leave the party early , but something came up .
are you canadian ?
how will i recognize it ?
tom begged me not to do that .
tom and mary know they 're going to be fired .
tom can 't find mary .
shall i follow you ?
tom takes after his mother .
tom and mary are still sitting in their car , waiting for john .
tom is living abroad .
we joined the country club .
the boat was at the <unk> of the waves .
tom said that mary knew she might be required to do that .
we really needed that .
i should think she is under thirty .
she put down her thoughts on paper .
we expected you at 2 : 30 .
tom couldn 't even write his own name .
where did she get this dog ?
i 'm very busy today .
mary wasn 't where she should 've been .
tom made <unk> to mary by taking her out to dinner .
they used a <unk> to take out the water .
we 're the only ones here who know tom is the only one who can convince mary to do that .
what have you done to yourself ?
i 'm very afraid of dogs .
i have somewhere else i need to be .
tom frequently does that .
i thought that tom was single .
tom should 've gone weeks ago .
tom can get that for you .
fadil and layla were both single parents .
tom thinks that mary is better at french than she really is .
didn 't you know tom wouldn 't win ?
tom hoped that mary would be well enough to come .
i don 't know what is in the <unk> .
tom hasn 't done a whole lot .
if the life and death of <unk> was the life and death of a wise man , then the life and death of jesus is the life and death of a god .
mary is about to begin , isn 't she ?
tom is about the same age as my father .
you can meet me tonight .
help me find him .
they had something in their hands .
tom said he wasn 't lonely .
she grew worse instead of better with years , and , unfortunately , she was pretty , which caused her to be excused , when she should have been <unk> <unk> .
tom and mary don 't really plan to do that , do they ?
sami was still in there .
i 'm afraid that tom is going to try to kill mary .
we were all present at her wedding .
mary said she thought tom wasn 't having any fun .
tom and mary were able to find work .
people used to think the sun <unk> around the earth .
stay away from animals that appear sick , injured or abandoned .
tom knows why mary wants to do that .
i bet tom is wondering why you did that .
you ruined your lecture .
your sex drive might go up and down .
even <unk> can do it , so i 'd like you to enjoy yourselves as a family .
tom arrived at school ten minutes late today .
tom jackson is my favorite writer .
let 's split the bill four ways .
i think that tom wouldn 't likely to still be awake this late at night .
tom told mary not to worry about what might happen on monday .
aren 't you surprised i came ?
they hired someone to train their dog .
layla was a model mother .
please accept this gift for the <unk> on your wedding .
tom was here , too .
could i see those photos again ?
i never could do that .
people can be really weird .
where did tom suggest we go ?
mary is awake now , isn 't she ?
i don 't know how to do what tom has asked me to do .
tom and mary bought a new camera for john to replace the one they 'd borrowed and lost .
did you check whether your phone was in the meeting room ?
if she had trusted you , she wouldn 't have done so .
because of the difference in climate , the same <unk> is not <unk> in the north and east of the country .
the man mary is talking with is tom .
tom is probably going to be suspicious .
i thought this was mine .
in basketball , tall players have an advantage .
she looks like she 's hurt .
it 's one of tatoeba 's best kept secrets .
mary told me she 'd do that later .
i had to stay home .
tom seems to be afraid of something .
i don 't like chocolate .
" and what color do you want , white or black ? " " black , of course . "
tom went out dancing .
you shouldn 't have had to do that .
tom said he couldn 't leave without saying goodbye to mary .
tom showed me a picture of his girlfriend .
it is necessary that we should study hard .
here 's the key to my apartment .
tom wanted mary and john to be <unk> to each other .
sami killed people .
i think that tom 's days are <unk> .
berber is an official language in algeria and <unk> .
you 're better off without her .
tom told mary that he thought john was heartbroken .
i don 't want to forget anything .
a dog is running in the park .
i hope tom and mary did what we told them to do .
i can 't wait to see tom 's halloween <unk> .
he says he 's good at doing that .
bring it back .
he dreamed of being a hero .
the girl has an <unk> image of the boy .
i couldn 't call you . the telephone was out of order .
i know that tom wouldn 't do that with me .
tom and i aren 't ready yet .
i think that tom is a high school <unk> .
tom must 've been the one who told mary that .
your children are cute .
tom and mary said they knew they might need to do that .
you 'd best set some money aside for your wedding .
i believe that both of you are pretty handsome .
i just remembered that i was supposed to buy a <unk> of bread .
tom and mary said that they 'd be late .
i refuse to influence others to <unk> in war .
they said that didn 't bother them .
tom wanted mary to call him .
tom remains in a serious condition .
tom and mary went back to their <unk> .
i 'm not sleeping now .
i 'm about to die .
tom knows he doesn 't have long to live .
tom hasn 't yet given up hope .
i wonder if tom is smiling now .
this train is the last train to the world 's end .
i dream of a quiet life in the country .
sami knew he could get away with it .
tom must 've found out about the party from mary .
i don 't wanna go to school again .
why didn 't you just buy the one you liked ?
tom wouldn 't want this .
sami grew <unk> hair in an attempt to pass for farid .
as i told you before , i 'm never going to do that .
sami handed the phone to layla .
tom says he doesn 't often win when he plays chess .
tom has already begun .
tom is worried about mary since he hasn 't heard from her since last monday .
the doctor , who is wealthy , is not <unk> .
he seems to know his stuff .
sami didn 't mean to do it .
we 're trying to get to australia .
mary is waiting for us in her office .
i wonder whether or not tom wants to buy one of those .
leave it up to us .
tom sat there <unk> watching mary eat the last of the food .
tom is so much older than i am .
tom didn 't even go upstairs .
is it true that you can write in chinese ?
i hope i can see you at christmas .
i don 't work tomorrow .
the exam that every student failed is harder than the exam that every student passed .
tom has a lot more books than mary does .
i know that tom is a good manager .
tom says he 's never kissed mary .
she says that she will come tomorrow .
you 'll never be young again .
we might not need to go to the supermarket today .
they might have what you want .
tom saw some dead fish <unk> on the lake .
i didn 't know tom had a swimming pool .
mary called her mother and told her she 'd be late for dinner .
give me a call when you get back .
i can 't come to school tomorrow .
i let you down .
tom told me he was very surprised to see mary doing that .
tom said that he thought that would likely never happen .
tom said that i looked shocked .
i don 't think that you should be doing that now .
tom appeared a moment later .
i should probably tell tom what has to be done .
i was totally into you .
tom and mary said they were ticklish .
i like to study foreign languages .
you should let tom know that you want to do that by yourself .
i thought that i told you to go home .
tom pushed his nose against the window .
they said that they 'd rather come next week .
tom wants to make sure mary knows what she 's supposed to do .
i wouldn 't do it even if i could .
the method is behind the times now .
tom and mary haven 't been doing that as often as they should .
if you don 't have a pen , use a pencil .
mary told me she 's pessimistic .
tom knows that he was wrong .
mary says she hopes tom doesn 't say he has to do that .
what do you think of the book ?
until when are you staying ?
tom waited for mary to come home .
and why would i do that ?
tom and mary did that as they 'd been told .
please tell me you 're ok .
do you want another glass of wine ?
sami is going to be talking about the solar system .
tom is in australia already .
i 'm so excited for you !
sami can 't do that to layla .
where are you parking your truck ?
tom almost forgot to put his passport in his pocket .
i know an american girl who speaks japanese very well .
we should probably head back home .
she <unk> that she 'd be glad to go .
i don 't think that tom is awake .
tom seems to be amused by what was going on , but mary isn 't .
tom had no idea why mary didn 't do that .
can i see this ?
sami had a new girlfriend .
i didn 't know you were that good at french .
i have my passport .
tom asked mary if he could eat the last cookie .
tom didn 't get exactly what he wanted .
i see you found your glasses .
i wish that i could help .
the <unk> wants to see you in his office .
tom said that he learned how to do that last summer .
neither tom nor mary has helped me much .
tom might 've done that .
tom can 't give it to you now .
i realize tom might be able convince mary not to do that .
my brother must have written this letter .
do tom and mary still think john is a good driver ?
sami married a beautiful woman .
didn 't you know tom knew how to do that ?
he won 't get away .
i 'm feeling very comfortable .
tom thought that he might be required to do that .
i 'm pretty sure tom and mary live on park street .
i called off the picnic .
how many languages are spoken in europe ?
tom told mary he didn 't want anything to eat .
she said she was planning to go , too .
tom isn 't going to visit you tomorrow .
we don 't want to hurt you .
i intend to stay in <unk> for three days .
tom is flying back to boston on the 20th .
i just found out that tom has been <unk> .
would you be reluctant to do that ?
tom reached for the cup .
the policeman let tom go with a warning .
i feel uncomfortable here .
i like playing cards .
the girl came dancing toward me .
i wonder whether or not tom is in boston .
what will you have to eat ?
i love to watch movies of <unk> as they happen !
mary turned her head slightly .
i hope that i get a chance to go to boston .
tom said he 's been to boston before .
can you hear me well enough ?
i know that tom would do that again if he had the chance .
you saved us .
mary left tom for another man .
i can 't believe you did that by yourself .
i paid for it already .
i don 't want to get too close to them .
i 'd like to make an appointment for the day after tomorrow .
i think tom 's luck is about to run out .
i suspect tom is depressed .
i don 't want him to see me like this .
tom didn 't want mary to leave the room .
you aren 't really worried , are you ?
i knew tom and mary weren 't going to lose .
tom bought this camera for a reasonable price .
mary found him charming .
i just wanted to make sure everyone was awake .
she and her <unk> sister were born just five minutes apart .
they just changed their minds .
i wasn 't even nervous .
i make lunch every day .
we request this address .
on the following day , we all had terrible <unk> .
tom wanted mary to take his picture .
what was the last concert you went to ?
mary said she 's frightened .
i didn 't do that with them .
sami ran into the house .
mary can do what she wants to do .
sami was a young and <unk> teenager back then .
i 've been following you .
tom is going to love doing that .
she asked for my help .
i thought tom was happy .
maybe there is someone else in the house .
i must have this .
look after him .
it 's crowded again today .
do you know how to fish ?
he <unk> on the pleasure of the past .
tom isn 't enjoying himself .
did tom tell you when he 'd be here ?
you could do that again if you wanted to .
she said she wasn 't worried .
i 'm still in pretty good shape .
the boy returned with his face covered with <unk> .
i remember seeing her once on the street .
i thought it would be hard to do .
what if tom and mary don 't like me ?
i think tom and i can do that by ourselves .
tom told me how to get to the theater .
you like fruit , don 't you ?
in revenge and in love woman is more <unk> than man is .
tom knew that mary didn 't want to do that .
<unk> from her appearance , she seems to be very rich .
have more month left over at the end of the money .
if tom had asked me for it , i would have given it to him .
this is a public place .
it looks as if tom won 't do that .
there 's something strange going on here .
just a second , please . straight and then to the right , is that it ?
perhaps it 's time for a change .
is your sister married ?
are you going to kill me ?
tom never really wanted to live in australia .
can you put me up tonight ?
did anybody take notes ?
last month they had a lot of rain in france .
as far back as i can remember , i have had thoughts and ideas which at the time , seemed to make me <unk> .
i don 't like to have my picture taken .
you should have been a little more polite .
why don 't you take your time in <unk> your paper ?
first , there 's something i 'd like to show you .
your current thinking got you here . only new thinking will get you out .
tom said he thought that mary would be tempted to do that .
sami assumed that farid was <unk> 's first .
they had breakfast all by themselves .
tom says he needs help .
mary said she 'd like you to do that as soon as possible .
put your socks on .
let 's find out more about her .
mary has her arm in a cast .
tom needs a new pair of shoes .
tennis is fun to watch . basketball is fun to watch , too .
i don 't think that tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him .
i hope tom and mary aren 't in boston next week .
they told me they weren 't happy .
i felt comfortable .
tom really wants to go home right now .
what is shown on television is , as it were , a <unk> of what society is like .
sami is not a creative person .
could you put this bag somewhere else ?
tom has to leave in a few minutes .
what 's tom eating ?
they 're about to leave .
tom and i both stared at mary .
you can 't just do whatever you want .
algeria is a very important <unk> country for the european union .
sami drives a yellow car .
tom and mary were able to buy everything they needed .
he didn 't kiss me .
i hope tom and mary get along .
you looked like you were finished .
what was your hobby when you were a teenager ?
sami acted like he was old .
he has recently failed , but he is still full of hope .
i kissed tom once .
he 's putting his house up for sale .
as soon as she heard the news , she began to <unk> .
i didn 't know you didn 't know .
tom <unk> tried to explain the situation to mary .
tom doesn 't think mary is busy .
i 'm going to see what i can do to help .
tom slipped on the ice .
i 'm not getting this .
tom and mary didn 't tell john they were sorry .
i lost my hat on the bus .
i know tom didn 't know why mary didn 't do that yesterday .
we should wait until tom gets here .
my brother has an ear for music .
tom said that he 'd rather not go to australia with us .
tom lives in a small house on the other side of town .
tom and mary sing well , but they can 't dance .
i think both tom and mary are single .
tom said that he thought mary might not want to do that by herself .
why didn 't you tell them ?
maybe we could do something friday .
both tom and mary know it was john who did that .
mary is an <unk> person , isn 't she ?
i haven 't been outside in weeks .
i think it 's nice around here .
we 'll do that later when we 're not so busy .
tom told me he was pessimistic .
what are you staring at ? never seen a pretty lady ?
maybe tom and mary don 't know they aren 't supposed to do that again .
why did tom cancel his trip ?
will tom allow mary to do that ?
that artist 's very popular .
" what 're you doing ? " " the <unk> books . our <unk> are pretty tight so we have to do things properly . "
i am leaving town for a few days .
why would you even think that ?
everyone is <unk> to a social and international order in which the rights and <unk> set forth in this <unk> can be fully realized .
tom and mary don 't have to leave now , do they ?
she never let me into her house .
i got here on foot .
this car is as big as that car .
tom and mary don 't know they 're not supposed to park there .
tom doesn 't want to do that without mary .
i 'm at my best when i 'm <unk> .
there 's a very good chance that it was tom who did that .
she wants to live in the city .
my <unk> seldom puts his things in order .
she can 't stop him .
i thought you didn 't know how to do anything .
tom isn 't as stubborn as he used to be .
the only person tom knows in australia is mary .
i really don 't get why you 're so upset .
the <unk> don 't know shit about the berber language .
tom didn 't allow me to pay for dinner .
i should 've never lied to you .
i hate her hat .
if a natural language can be compared to a tree , which has developed during the course of time , esperanto can be compared to a plastic tree , which was created <unk> .
tom won 't be here when you get here .
slow down ! you 're driving too fast !
what is important is not where the words come from , but rather whether they are understood .
tom said he 's never considered doing that .
sami has a social security number .
i know tom isn 't a very good <unk> .
i could tell he was in low <unk> by the look on his face .
illness prevented jane from going to school .
tom can run faster than you .
sami was playing with the kids in the pool .
do you want the doctors to use the machine to make your brother breathe ?
tom and mary would lend you money if you asked them to .
they said that they felt fantastic .
i have searched for you all over the world .
tom says that he 'll come tomorrow , but i doubt that he 'll actually show up .
you 've been a good friend .
tom took a long warm bath .
she told my secret .
tom was the one who taught mary how to milk a cow .
i really miss my mom 's cooking .
we are speaking about the same thing , just in different words .
there are three more pictures of tom in another <unk> .
you have a ring , don 't you ?
could you please tell mary why you don 't want her to do that ?
i hope i can visit australia in the near future .
sami 's trial began in june , <unk> .
tom parked his car in the lot behind the store .
sami is trying to train his dog for the dog show .
i 'm not the same person i used to be .
after you had come .
i think you should let tom know that you won 't do that for him .
i think i saw something over there , in the wood .
i should 've gotten up earlier this morning .
sami and layla have a huge <unk> that they would like to share with us today .
almost everything is as it was in the old days .
it looks as if tom is crying .
everything is under control .
i wonder whether tom likes boston .
he made mistakes on purpose to <unk> me .
could you help me for a second ?
if i find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can <unk> , the most <unk> explanation is that i was made for another world .
i hope you enjoy yourselves this evening .
tom told me what you said .
i gave mary the things she wanted .
if you have a problem with it , then get lost !
tom and mary used to be friends , right ?
this was the most interesting book that she had ever read .
did you <unk> as to whether you should leave ?
tom said he hopes you like to do that .
each person must give a hand to <unk> the problem of poverty .
mary was <unk> when she was a kid .
i think that i did a pretty good job .
tom won 't do that with me .
i won 't be staying with you .
mary left the party early .
there was lots of gold inside the <unk> .
sami thought it was an earthquake .
this dog is <unk> to save people in the mountains .
mary told me she 's upset .
tom often talks about his work .
mary said her schedule would change .
why don 't we ask tom to help ?
scientists say more than half of australia 's great <unk> <unk> has been destroyed in the past 30 years .
she fell in love with the boy next door .
is that seriously what you think ?
let them do the dirty work .
tom really has to win .
i assume that you 've asked tom to tell mary what the situation is .
show me your <unk> first before i let you in .
i wish that i were rich enough to buy a <unk> .
when i first met tom and mary , i thought they were a little <unk> .
hold up , what do you think you 're doing ?
not all scientific studies are equal .
i 've got a dog .
you don 't need to worry about anything .
we should back him up so as to make the project a success .
don 't <unk> the incredible power of a simple smile and a kind word .
i have to change a <unk> on the guitar .
he did not listen .
that plane is so ugly .
tom knew that was no accident .
i want to hear everything .
tom is looking for work .
figured it 's the least i could do .
you 're the biggest .
tom isn 't the one who came up with the idea .
i thought you said that tom used to live in boston .
they said that they 're not doing it .
sami tried his best .
our teacher is always on time for class .
i don 't know who tom and mary plan to go to the zoo with .
next , let us think about whether we have the time to look after a dog .
tom went to boston and brought his children home .
tom does everything perfectly .
tom looks like he 's busy .
tom said mary was likely to be up .
that 's really interesting when you think about it .
i really enjoy swimming .
let 's hope it stays that way .
it really isn 't that bad .
tom and mary both don 't know how to speak french .
were you able to convince tom to help us ?
they felt uncomfortable , so they left .
i turned off the lamp .
mary may do that if she 'd like to .
i don 't want to try doing that .
i wish i knew what happened to all our family photos .
they 've called off their trip .
she burst into laughter .
i didn 't want any pizza .
tom knew that he wasn 't likely be able to convince mary to go to the dance with him .
is that why you called me here ?
are you ready for today 's game ?
did you understand me ?
i haven 't been to the gym this week .
we have known each other for a long time .
my mom says i 'm smart .
when did you find out that tom didn 't enjoy doing that ?
i didn 't think that that tom would be in australia this week .
i wonder whether or not tom is crazy .
tom was found dead in front his house .
the sun is about to rise .
my aunt gave me an album .
unfortunately there are few <unk> in history of nations who have learned anything from their own history .
i told tom mary needed to do that .
tom went back to where he had met mary earlier .
it 'll be necessary to come back here tomorrow .
tom always walks to school when it isn 't raining .
the most real things in the world are those that neither children nor men can see .
tom will go swimming tomorrow morning .
he has many foreign stamps , not to mention japanese ones .
tom is determined to find out why that happened .
he likes football a lot .
tom did everything he could to keep mary from doing that .
" do you understand ? " " no , i don 't . "
dan left for school at seven thirty .
i didn 't sign up for this .
mary is still in boston , isn 't she ?
if you take a close look , you 'll find that your friends and you have similar <unk> .
you and tom are really good friends , aren 't you ?
for the time being , i intend to stay at a hotel .
there isn 't as much rain this year compared to last summer .
you 'll be quite safe .
the police are on the track of the thief .
i 'm glad to hear it .
he is studying hard so that he may become a lawyer .
i drink coffee often , but not every day .
i know about you and mary .
tom knows i 'm waiting .
i 'd do that if i were you .
maybe you can convince tom not to leave .
tom is going to take a shower before dinner .
it is so quiet one can hear the the clock <unk> behind the wall .
mary will do everything she can .
i can 't even afford to buy a pencil .
i didn 't think tom was going to do that again .
tom is going to visit mary in australia .
you like traveling , don 't you ?
i think you should buy yourself some new clothes .
what does it mean to be free ?
we never had much in common , you and me .
there is no reason for this fear .
i tried really hard to get tom to help mary do that .
you were great today .
you don 't think we could do that , do you ?
i am very interested in music .
i 'm going to buy meat , cheese , and <unk> .
they heard him .
this week has been an amazing experience .
tom likes it .
she 's apples .
computers almost always have the same price . maybe the prices are set according to the customers ' buying ability .
you won 't need to do that today .
they call me tom .
i used to go fishing with my father when i was a child .
ask him .
i 'll be in prison for the rest of my life .
tom says that he doesn 't want to go to australia with us .
i think that i can do that better than you .
it 's <unk> in this room , <unk> . i can 't put up with this cold .
that 's not exactly what i meant to say .
i hope tom doesn 't find out what we did .
if wishes were horses , <unk> would ride .
let 's take a look at the facts .
tom 's disappointed .
tom was the only one who knew the safe 's <unk> .
i know tom didn 't know who did that for him .
sami is capable of doing this .
if your mind <unk> your sword , your sword will surely feed on your mind .
it was a hot day .
we came so close .
shouldn 't you do that today ?
the pilot <unk> the airplane in the field .
tom wondered why mary moved to boston .
now is not the time for half <unk> : it 's all or nothing !
give me the green book .
i know tom is back .
who do you think is the most interesting teacher at this school ?
sami got a call from his brother .
sami can 't stop walking .
tom said that mary didn 't look like a <unk> .
tom isn 't very likely to do that , is he ?
sami is coming down here .
there 's something on that shelf that both tom and mary want .
mary spent all day alone in her room .
they said that they 'd only talk to you .
you must study hard while young .
tom and mary said they 'd never do that .
i would like to know who my parents are .
let 's go to a movie tomorrow .
are tom and mary kidding ?
tom and mary don 't plan to do that until you tell them to .
she acted without thinking .
i 'd like some <unk> tea , please .
tom told mary that he was glad that that had happened .
tom is getting rid of his old car .
mary told tom that she thought john was innocent .
tom was obviously sorry .
you might at least have said , " thank you " , when someone helped you .
how many people were killed in the store ?
i know tom is a person who gets things done .
tom told everybody he was tired .
tom was troubled by the news .
he said he 'd call me back .
we were all retired .
get in . i 'll give you a ride .
didn 't you know tom lived in boston ?
layla 's <unk> affair drove sami over the edge .
we 're the only ones here who know tom has never done that .
tom said he tom was afraid that mary would laugh at him .
i didn 't want to see him again .
i can tell you where to find tom .
he 's in his seat , isn 't he ?
i know tom didn 't do that alone .
even though you said i shouldn 't kiss tom , i did .
tom smiled at the crowd .
i asked her to call you .
mary said she thought she had to do that .
when one is in difficulty and <unk> themselves well , that is a master .
tom amused the children .
it is one of the beautiful <unk> in this life that no one can <unk> try to help another without helping himself .
tom seemed to be motivated .
i bet tom and mary are angry .
sami hates doing videos .
tom seemed to be nice enough .
maybe you ought to do what tom told you to do .
i hope tom and mary are through doing that .
tom and i have similar goals .
mary used to beat her kids .
i 'm offended .
is it possible tom could have done it ?
now 's not really the time .
why on earth did tom and mary do that ?
there 's no telling how this might end .
he gave it to me before he died .
tom was doing that , but mary wasn 't .
be quiet and go to sleep .
we no longer go to eat at the <unk> restaurant .
tom asked me if anything had happened .
sami ordered his food .
i knew tom didn 't know who was going to do that with him .
tom doesn 't have anything to do with the case .
tom hasn 't eaten any food for the past three days .
i used to work with them .
shall we stop in at a coffee shop ?
tom didn 't do anything to help mary .
tom told me he thought mary was being <unk> .
who do tom and mary usually go shopping with ?
i found this movie very interesting .
sami started walking towards that building .
i know that tom knows that you shouldn 't do that .
tom got elected in 2013 .
tom said that mary had a lot of fun at your party .
tom is eager to meet mary again .
my friend is completely crazy . don 't pay attention to him .
is something wrong with you ?
this method is slow but sure .
he asked them for silence .
i didn 't realize tom was going to have to leave early .
he <unk> his umbrella about with him every day .
tom said he thought that i might be allowed to do that .
i 'm still not sure i can help you .
i 'm kind of confused .
what does it matter who knows ?
i think there 's a good chance it 'll rain tonight .
sami borrowed layla 's car .
i can 't believe you lied to me .
i know you 're not happy .
do you really believe tom is going to do that ?
you 've got to tell tom what happened .
mary did what she needed to do .
tom has already told me everything .
don 't worry . i won 't tell .
they caught me with my pants down .
tom won 't allow mary to do that anymore .
it 's definitely been pretty exciting .
i didn 't want to work late , but the boss told me that i had to .
you 've already told me this story .
i want to come and see you .
can you call a doctor , please ?
we didn 't let tom and mary do that .
whose pencil is this ?
tom and mary act like one another .
i 'll fix you breakfast .
you should check your blood pressure .
let 's go to tom 's place ! i heard there 's going to be a huge party there tonight !
the secret of getting ahead is getting started .
do you all want me to bring you anything ?
the chair is far from the door .
i miss talking with her .
tom doesn 't know if he has to do that .
sami wasn 't acting crazy .
mary has tried to kill herself .
it is impossible for you to be too careful of your health .
i 'll tell her you helped out .
sami is doing that shit again .
while traveling in europe , i was <unk> on a train .
tom and mary refused to do what john told them they needed to do .
please tell me when dinner 's ready .
mary said she felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave .
what is your favorite bird ?
she doesn 't smoke , does she ?
neither of us were in australia at that time .
why did you quit ?
he was <unk> " the potato king . "
i like wearing old clothes .
sami met layla on a bus .
if you don 't go , i won 't , either .
what do you think of the game that tom created ?
the cat is much larger than the <unk> .
tom can learn anything .
what was happening ?
tom is usually the first one to arrive .
you 're very talkative , aren 't you ?
sami still remembers everything about layla .
my uncle is rich .
tom explained the joke to mary .
i didn 't know that tom was going to do that again .
the library is upstairs .
i think we shouldn 't let tom and mary go to boston by themselves .
i see this as an act of <unk> against your parents .
some <unk> seem to be lost to shame .
i know that tom is home .
mary says she doesn 't think tom did that .
tom has already made a new friend .
how do you plan on keeping tom from doing that ?
tom looks like he 's alone .
do what you feel in your heart to be right , for you 'll be <unk> anyway . you 'll be <unk> if you do and <unk> if you don 't .
tom is going to regret that sooner or later .
they said they really did do that .
she 's good at <unk> the price down .
tom said that mary thought doing that wouldn 't be interesting .
i wondered whether or not tom wanted to go to boston with mary .
we 're disappointed with the results .
sami doesn 't remember exactly what he was doing .
however , the singer does not deny her <unk> .
you know nothing about me .
she 's coming with me .
it 's an old name .
i eat lunch at the same time every day .
are you really going to boston with tom ?
we should make every effort to <unk> world peace .
mary said that she was the one who had done that .
it was a strange <unk> , and yet i knew that my mind could never know ease again until i had solved it .
how do you pass the time ?
i know tom knows that i 'll never be able to do that .
what can i do to help tom ?
sami came to us .
so fast did he run that they couldn 't catch up with him .
where swimming is concerned , he is second to none .
how far is it from boston to chicago ?
layla drinks a lot .
tom and mary showed their photo album to us .
i knew tom knew who wanted to do that .
i still go there once a week .
i want to do that again .
he 's still where we left him .
it 'll have to wait until tomorrow .
he 's playing a dangerous game .
i came to regret my mistake .
she doesn 't have a driver 's license .
happiness is always with you . you don 't have to go somewhere far away for it . it is here - in a quiet <unk> room .
do you two want to be alone ?
please stop there .
you 're a great friend !
i 'll get her to drive you home .
the project will be <unk> in less than three years .
it 's definitely going to rain .
i want to be a child .
i didn 't know that tom was from australia .
i 've never seen a <unk> being born .
the dress has a beautiful <unk> between red and white .
tom was here just a minute ago .
how long is tom going to be there ?
i don 't see anything wrong with <unk> tom and mary do that .
forgive me .
he just missed his bus .
it 's his way of saying thank you .
they walked their dogs every morning .
why don 't you just tell tom how you feel ?
tom died last year .
i am sure i 'll get along with him because we are from the same <unk> .
she was never heard speaking ill of others .
i wonder whether tom will need to do that or not .
where did he see you ?
is tom missing ?
i can 't afford to buy a used car .
fadil was completely <unk> when he heard the news .
" anne <unk> ! " she <unk> , " what on earth did you put into that cake ? "
i answered all of tom 's questions .
mary doesn 't seem to have decided yet whether she 'll do that or not .
we want to find tom .
mary told me that she was a doctor .
tom said he thought that i looked like i was bored .
please turn right .
there were five classes in the first year .
tom just won 't sit down .
tom could 've figured that out without mary 's help .
who would want him dead ?
it is fantastic .
what will you take for this chair ?
they were at a party .
tom has only been back in town for three weeks .
she still does that , doesn 't she ?
tom was determined .
what sort of <unk> are in fashion this year ?
keep them happy .
is this your homework ?
when did he come back from osaka ?
it 's too good to be true .
sami told everyone that layla was there .
tom can come with us if he wants to .
maybe that 's the reason .
mary 's friends knew she couldn 't speak french .
i thought that i told you to throw that away .
do you know if she can speak english ?
tom wants to talk about what happened .
i wasn 't surprised that tom didn 't need to do that .
stay here and look after them .
tom said that you wanted to go to boston with us .
tom and i bought our plane tickets three months in advance .
god knows why .
i don 't have a car , so i usually go to work by bicycle .
were you serious before ?
tom said that he was eager to eat lunch with mary .
sami got away with a lot of <unk> .
you really think so , don 't you ?
tom and mary said that they were really happy .
" they say <unk> killed the cat . you 're not a cat , are you ? " " please , don 't kill me ! " " just answer my question . are you a cat ? " " no , i 'm not a cat and i promise i won 't tell anyone about that . "
tom and mary promised themselves they 'd study french for thirty minutes every day .
you can say whatever you like .
tom went back to bed .
dan 's son was in linda 's arms .
i didn 't eat anything else .
you can have one more cookie if you want to .
tom and mary told me they didn 't teach french .
it will be raining in the forest .
what tom said wasn 't exactly a <unk> .
i know why tom and mary were doing that .
she got fat .
can we just talk about something else ?
i don 't understand what 's happening .
that sounds suspicious to me .
tom didn 't want mary to find out .
don 't always take tom 's side !
mary isn 't a good cook , is she ?
tom had no idea that mary was planning to stay in australia for a few weeks .
tom was there yesterday with mary .
we 've never been there .
she said she 's interested .
mary didn 't actually want to do that with us , did she ?
tom and mary say that they dream in french .
i work every other day : monday , <unk> and friday .
he has quite a career ahead of him .
he translated everything the teacher said to us .
i hope this isn 't really happening .
tom and mary do that when they 're sleepy .
tom ate half the cake by himself .
i knew that tom didn 't do it .
i think that we can change that .
we haven 't been introduced .
tom may do that himself .
maybe tom and mary have to do that , too .
she didn 't want to do that , did she ?
i 'll come to pick it up later .
i apologized to my boss .
it was a <unk> to hear the news .
tom said he wished he were rich .
i hope i find someone who can help us .
my brother leaves his room in a mess .
i didn 't think tom and mary were alone .
you ought to eat this .
let me explain this to you .
sami heard the shower go on .
we work for our living .
i think tom would go to australia with you if you asked him to .
i can tell you that so was mine .
i wouldn 't show you how to do that even if i knew .
do we need them that badly ?
they 're doing their best not to cry .
we 're still pretty busy .
we are good friends now , but there was a time when we didn 't like each other .
don 't leave it open .
mary said she was adopted .
you know it 's not true .
have you got some <unk> in your wallet ?
he was tired from his long walk .
it doesn 't always work .
i know that tom knows why you don 't want to do that .
sami 's request was rejected .
i don 't know why tom wanted me to be here today .
tom is in the same business as i am .
i 've already told you this ten times .
he cannot have done it by himself .
i assume that 's the reason tom and mary aren 't here .
mary admitted she did what she said she wouldn 't do .
tom pointed to the fire escape .
tom 's advice didn 't help at all .
tom asked mary about the accident that she was involved in .
tom looks like he 's enjoying doing that .
he and his wife both work and his salary is lower than <unk> , so no wonder he is a <unk> husband .
maybe tom thought you wouldn 't want to see mary .
this is for him .
she stayed up late last night .
we were busy .
what did you get this time ?
you should have done that earlier .
he 's not rich or able .
since i broke my foot , i 'm walking with <unk> .
tom and mary <unk> themselves all the time .
what have i done with my keys ?
do you really think it 's foolish to do that ?
which one will they choose ?
i should have told you before .
mary wasn 't willing to do what we wanted her to do .
we 've got one more stop to make .
if you run into tom , ask him how his mother is doing .
how can this be done ?
i have a <unk> on my left leg .
tom refused to allow mary to go to the party .
if you <unk> this book without a cover you should be aware that this book is stolen property . it was reported as " <unk> and destroyed " to the <unk> , and neither the author nor the <unk> has received any <unk> for this " <unk> book " .
tom and mary had their <unk> on inside out .
i 'd like to know how long you plan to stay here .
i just wish i 'd met tom sooner .
i 'm very surprised that tom can do that .
sami drank every day .
why don 't you ask mary what she thinks ?
he can 't get his car to start .
when did that start ?
sami is in really big trouble .
tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that .
tom is going to have to leave soon .
i only hope that the rain <unk> off for a few hours more .
tom said he thought it was time for him to retire .
i have not let you down .
it looks as if tom won 't help us .
do you have time for a cup of coffee ?
i missed the train by only a few minutes .
i haven 't missed any of tom 's <unk> .
don 't eat me , gray wolf , i 'll sing a song for you .
i don 't feel like eating at all .
this is the way we always do this .
do you have a <unk> i could borrow ?
my home is big .
give me a call .
tom worked here for three months .
i live in osaka .
tom drove a truck to boston .
sami has kids .
you must be desperate .
take your notebook and take notes .
tom wasn 't sick , but mary was .
tom and mary aren 't going to be here today .
i don 't believe i 'm even standing here .
all the rooms are taken .
tom hasn 't even started studying for the exam yet .
she wore herself out .
what reason did he give for being so late ?
i rarely drive to work .
sami left the airport .
tom ran back down the stairs .
i am so thirsty , probably because i ate pizza yesterday night .
i want you to perfect your english before being <unk> .
did you make this yourself ?
sami continued to call layla " <unk> " until she quit .
tom and mary realized that they needed to do that .
he has a beautiful daughter .
tom asked me if i was satisfied .
sami would never be able to marry someone like layla .
you don 't think i 'll be allowed to do that , do you ?
whoever wants to set an example for the youth must walk the road of <unk> .
japan <unk> with lots of countries in the world .
layla 's mother is the person she hated the most in the world .
i never lie to you .
whom did you go with ?
tom kissed mary . he kissed alice as well .
she doesn 't know anything about me .
tom thought that mary would be in boston for three weeks .
this isn 't what i was expecting to happen .
the picture has been <unk> well as yet .
this author doesn 't understand at all what need would a man and a woman who can 't be involved in a romantic relationship have of becoming friends .
sami <unk> the big question and layla said yes .
i won 't do that anymore . i promise .
tom has been staring at mary for three hours .
do you know anything about this ?
he is like a <unk> in a well .
tom doesn 't seem to be busy .
tom will probably tell mary he won 't do that again .
i hope that 's everything .
i probably won 't do that today .
sami got layla a job at the swimming pool .
i think tom could have gotten home by himself .
they wanted to lead the country <unk> the will of the people .
whose notebook is that ?
tom and mary have managed to do everything they needed to do .
sami forgot to close the attic .
that 's him at the window .
my daughter is to get married in june .
mary doesn 't come here every day , but she comes quite often .
sami should go in .
tom opened it .
did you ever really love me ?
don 't you think you 're wasting your time with all that ?
the united states is called " <unk> " in french .
tom doesn 't get much time off .
i don 't think that i 've ever seen tom cry .
can 't you see the door 's closed ?
he fell down in the mountain .
tom said that he hoped mary wouldn 't cry .
i didn 't even know that tom knew mary .
yes , i also have a relationship with the <unk> .
i didn 't learn very much .
for millions of years , <unk> lived just like the animals . then something happened which <unk> the power of our imagination , we learned to talk .
i 'll be disappointed .
mary doesn 't really care whether tom likes her or not .
they told me they like to do that .
do you know the <unk> to this song ?
tom finished his work and went home .
sami bought layla lunch .
i don 't know how to do that , but i 'll try to do it anyway .
it might be too late .
they 've said they won 't win .
tom said no one was in the classroom .
i suspect tom won 't do that anytime soon .
here 's the change .
mary shut herself up in her bedroom .
if you do your best , you 're likely to succeed .
it 's too much for you to handle .
tom decided to do something about it .
tom and mary said they aren 't planning on going .
i 'm almost scared to talk with you .
have you ever cheated on me ?
this is the most interesting .
we 're new at this .
my mother is anxious about my future .
why does tom want to be a <unk> ?
i 'm really worried about him .
sami is starting to sound exactly like his father .
i could not study at home .
tom and mary said they 'd never study french .
what does tom do in his free time ?
i warned him not to smoke .
sami had a kitchen knife .
you don 't have to eat it .
tom seemed to be <unk> that mary hadn 't done that .
" i 've only had two <unk> . " " oh , i have two <unk> right now . "
can 't you do it any faster ?
he believes he 's ready .
there is plenty of room for <unk> in this dictionary .
tom and mary said they thought that would likely never happen .
are we supposed to meet tom today ?
it looks like you took care of the problem .
the <unk> who know about it , the better .
they made a movie of the entire ceremony .
what do you like to read ?
that would not suit us .
tom was obviously trying not to smile .
i just told tom what i did .
she 's not a good person .
tom told me he plans on doing that .
tom and mary couldn 't get their gloves on .
i want to hear what everyone has to say .
you could have walked away .
these aren 't kids who are easily impressed .
tom said that i didn 't sound very surprised .
layla found salima a date for the <unk> dance .
mary said she prefers to stay at home .
i know that isn 't the reason you 're here .
do you guys see anything ?
soon there will be summer vacation .
he told me why he left early .
last month i spent a fortune on the telephone bill .
tom writes slowly .
i 'd better report this to tom .
i 'm going to stay with my uncle in australia .
it 's just if we have it every day we 're bound to get fed up with it . i must increase the <unk> of my cooking .
sami was in the back .
i didn 't understand why tom <unk> that way .
he won 't listen . it 's like talking to the wall .
they told me that they 're ready to do that .
tom never knew what hit him .
tom is hoping to have that done by tomorrow .
everyone looked at tom again .
tom had no money with him at that time .
tom doesn 't want to eat italian food for dinner .
tom isn 't the one who told me you didn 't want to do that .
i fought off my desire to sleep .
she has gone to italy .
i think that that 's a really important question .
tom and john look very similar .
this is tom 's notebook .
tom said that mary does that a lot .
he let go of her hands and his voice grew serious .
i don 't think that tom will like boston .
sami didn 't know how old layla was .
i don 't think that tom was being <unk> .
i already told you .
tom might 've won .
i found tom in the garden .
why aren 't you using the new pen i just gave you ?
i got hit by a ball .
she went from one shop to another .
i added new sentences .
we hope it doesn 't rain .
i hope you have a good time !
i only need two more minutes .
tom and mary aren 't very hungry , are they ?
there was no way that i could 've known that that was going to happen .
i am <unk> listening , but i don 't feel interested .
tom told me mary wasn 't tired .
can we afford a new car ?
tom noticed mary 's car parked in front of the library .
did you understand your mistake ?
tom took out his <unk> and turned it on .
you have to speak english .
the battle was over in minutes .
that is tatoeba .
does it taste good ?
let me put this differently .
her hair grew back .
we know it 's hard to quit smoking .
be careful what you say and how you say it .
" miss <unk> , " said holmes , speaking with the <unk> <unk> of manner , " you must stay where you are all day . let nothing prevent you from staying where you are all day . it is of the <unk> importance . " " certainly , if you wish it , mr. holmes , " said the girl in <unk> .
what happened to your report card ?
we saw a lot of live fish in the pond .
tom might be here tomorrow .
if death is <unk> neither before , during , nor after itself , then when can we <unk> it ?
i don 't think tom knows much about fishing .
tom won 't lower the price .
i want to take you out to dinner tonight .
do you happen to know him ?
i doubt if tom will be back soon .
i think it might not be easy to do that .
i know that tom is a bit short for his age .
tom read a magazine while he waited for the bus .
tom has already told mary to leave early .
i 'm headed for my sister 's wedding .
he borrowed his friend 's car for a few days .
i decided to wait .
what in the hell is this ?
you can save yourself a lot of trouble by selling this car .
i don 't drink coffee anymore .
i didn 't say i believed it .
tom got married in october 2013 .
tom said that he thought that mary was still living in boston .
correct the mistakes , if there are any .
mary might do that by herself .
mary said her license was suspended .
i 'm sorry <unk> , i forgot your name !
a number of tickets are sold in advance .
mary is kind of lazy , isn 't she ?
sami tried to commit suicide with a bottle of pills .
the store is right in the middle of the city .
do you do drugs ?
tom shouldn 't have trusted mary .
i don 't think it would be <unk> to do that .
cheer him up when you see him .
that 's what we 're worried about .
having a <unk> fever , i stayed in bed .
i don 't watch as much tv as i used to .
tom and mary said that they were very drunk .
according to him , the president must not be turned into a <unk> , the loss of authority and public order cannot be <unk> .
i remember the event as <unk> as if it were just yesterday .
tom seemed to be aware that mary hadn 't done that yet .
mary says she doesn 't care whether we help her or not .
why should i help her ?
tom will love living here .
i should probably tell tom i won 't do that anymore .
i didn 't think tom realized how hard that job was going to be .
that 's a risk we have to take .
tom and mary said that they were concerned .
all of the players <unk> onto the field .
this is the first time i 've ever <unk> a lion .
can you swim across ?
is this the first time that you 've been back to boston since your divorce ?
it was just awful .
tom doesn 't have any idea what should be done .
i don 't want people <unk> with my stuff .
did you ask the price ?
i didn 't think it was a good idea to let tom drive .
tom isn 't still asleep , is he ?
i 'll swim .
the dog drank water and went away .
tom and mary did it as quickly as they could .
tom became a soldier .
tom is my uncle .
tom is still married to mary , i <unk> .
did you know that tom was going to do that ?
it is said that she is an expert in skiing .
we all have secrets .
he learned golf by watching others and following their example .
summer vacation is near at hand .
mary told me that she may do that .
i 'm not sure whether tom knows how do that or not .
i think that tom might wait a little longer .
get off me !
it is all over with him .
this question is not that simple .
she said she 'd do that herself .
i 'll finish the work in a week , that is , on may <unk> .
how much rent do you pay for the apartment ?
it was crazy what happened with tom .
mary was supposed to meet me in the lobby , but she never came .
can we say " no " to the united states ?
you know that i 'm determined to do that , don 't you ?
you don 't plan to join the team , do you ?
are you still afraid of dogs ?
she couldn 't believe her ears .
i have to find my pen .
tom has killed at least three people .
tom is probably not going to do that by himself .
layla still lives on in my heart .
tom didn 't show up at the party yesterday .
i had no idea that tom and mary were going to be here .
tom didn 't have to go there alone .
i thought tom wasn 't in prison anymore .
tom gets angry whenever mary does that .
tom set the price at three hundred dollars .
the horse had to be broken in before it could be <unk> .
tom knew mary didn 't plan to stay in boston much longer .
i 'm just telling you the truth .
tom really should have eaten breakfast .
tom said he doesn 't know where mary is .
are you sure you were the only one in the house ?
i know you were expecting tom to be here .
the event starts at midnight .
i have no other choice .
i 'm speaking .
tom said mary didn 't have a car she could <unk> on .
tom helped me a lot with that .
i don 't like the idea of you staying here alone .
tom said he hoped mary could win .
tom is dead serious , isn 't he ?
what was tom doing in australia last month ?
if you don 't remind me , i 'll probably forget .
tom is smarter than anyone else here .
tom may stay in boston for another week .
isn 't that interesting ?
it took a long time for her to write the report .
tom was angry because i didn 't agree with him .
this city is in the united states .
tom and mary said that they weren 't very concerned .
beauty is truth 's smile when she <unk> her own face in a perfect mirror .
i 'll be ready in a second .
you can see her in the morning .
what are you all doing in here ?
tom and mary never would 've done that if john hadn 't asked them to .
ask tom and mary if they have anybody to help them do that .
and they brought us whole <unk> full of women .
i don 't want to hear this .
tom met his wife when he was studying in france .
we 're not young .
you 're one of the <unk> men in town .
tom isn 't very sick .
some people think there 's some kind of <unk> relationship with people having the same first name .
i wonder who the man over there may be .
i don 't want tom to speak to mary .
i never should have done that .
you always work late at night .
tom told me that he was positive .
i often borrow books from the library .
mary told me she was going to go home early today .
tom says he and mary haven 't yet discussed that .
tom and mary said they 'd look at it .
i asked tom how he 'd do that .
it 's going to be difficult .
tom and mary don 't have what they need .
tom made me cookies .
tom told me that he 's never been to australia .
i took three years of berber language in high school .
thank them for me .
tom has already said he 's going to help us .
they say they want their things back .
i grew roses .
i still can 't read .
sami wasn 't always right though .
tom could think about nothing but mary in the early <unk> of his relationship with her .
we need plants in order to live .
mary says she doesn 't know where tom lives .
you had better make a <unk> in advance .
he has only a <unk> knowledge of the matter .
did you feel the earthquake last night ?
it looks like tom and mary are here .
it 's unlikely that tom will attend the meeting .
there 's no reason tom needs to know how much you bought your house for .
tom is trying to keep a straight face .
there is no one here by that name .
" can you cook ? " - " yes , i can . but i can 't <unk> it 'll taste good . "
i almost never watch tv .
people would sell their <unk> to hear the concert from those seats .
there was enough food for forty days .
i need the money .
the girl played the baby to her mother .
it was clear tom hadn 't done that yet .
i wonder whether i 'll have to do that .
i 'm not sure that that 's the case .
you need to speed up .
tom says he isn 't going to wait any longer .
i have never been to that town .
sami and layla headed for a romantic weekend in cairo .
there is a rumor about that he is going to resign .
they can change .
she 's very particular about her choice of <unk> .
i 'll work alone .
tom says that mary is busy .
i didn 't know you were afraid .
mary held up her end of the <unk> .
the restaurant that we 're going to is downtown .
sami was an idiot .
i should probably not tell tom that i know how to do that .
tom told mary to just relax .
tom doesn 't speak french well .
tom has a lot of work to do before he can go home .
i don 't think that tom was fair .
it 's not easy to quit smoking .
i know how much she meant to you .
they believed that they could do that .
it wasn 't supposed to happen .
mary lied about what she 'd been doing .
tom did that in australia last winter .
who can fix this mess ?
tom helped apply pressure to the girl 's leg wound after she fell off her bicycle .
let 's tell tom what happened .
i am feeling <unk> at the thought of it .
you should not take to drinking again .
do you know how tom knew ?
mary is deaf in her left ear .
they said that they would do that for us .
tom and mary say they don 't know where john did that .
i read my books , you yours , and <unk> his .
you were advised .
doesn 't mary look great in that dress ?
what did i just do ?
everything seemed calm .
it isn 't sami 's responsibility to look after the house anymore .
our house was broken into by <unk> last night .
the party organized by tom was a huge success .
it 's too late to shut the <unk> door after the horse is stolen .
this is boston 's oldest restaurant .
how did you know that i wanted to speak to tom ?
tom is going to do everything he can .
" don 't be late , ok ? " " but dad , it 's halloween . "
there are three books on tom 's desk .
i wonder whether tom really wants that .
the man wore a gun on his <unk> .
tom does not play golf .
i 'm really bad at stuff like this .
sami was really excited about that .
everyone knew tom was planning to quit his job .
do tom and mary regret what happened ?
what is it that you saw exactly ?
it 's not <unk> to be silent when you have nothing to say .
does that work for you ?
sami discovered that his wife was having an affair .
the members wanted tom <unk> from the club .
we cannot go any <unk> without a rest .
is this good french ?
tom came back to boston .
i 'm going to boston the day after tomorrow .
i come from far away .
he would rather be considered wrong than take the trouble to prove himself right .
tom played tennis with mary yesterday .
tom , it 's about time you figured out how to do this by yourself . i 'll show you one last time .
i suspect tom and mary are sick .
i meant the opposite .
" what 's the purpose of your visit ? " " i 'm a <unk> . "
tom wanted mary to attend his party .
i didn 't know that tom knew how to do that already .
tom promised mary he 'd come home early .
anyone who doesn 't want to go , doesn 't have to .
let 's buy her a drink .
she 's more popular than me .
do not throw anything out of the window .
wash your feet .
i don 't need to know why tom wants to do that .
tom and mary said they were hoping we could do that together .
she <unk> about in his desk for the letter .
i can 't speak for them .
work is more fun than fun .
i cleaned my room .
tom plans to become an actor .
sami joined the conversation .
is it all right if i help tom do that ?
she left her car unlocked .
tom didn 't tell me anything i didn 't already know .
<unk> of thirty years ago have come back in style .
what 's he doing over there ?
both tom and mary like swimming .
mary doesn 't know tom , but she 'd like to meet him .
he told me that he was next .
tom and mary told me that they thought john was awake .
you 're ready to go , aren 't you ?
may we go home ?
sami was given a life sentence .
it 'll be hard to convince tom .
i would 've hugged tom if i 'd thought he 'd let me .
tom said that he wanted to show what he 'd made to mary .
you shouldn 't make fun of us .
tom and mary say they never wanted to do that .
i don 't clean their room .
sami had a copy of layla 's <unk> .
tom and mary want us to think that they 're ok .
ok , as long as it doesn 't get <unk> .
tom said that mary wasn 't as angry as he thought she 'd be .
i can 't remember anything from last night .
what do you want to buy for him ?
you never told me that you didn 't like tom .
tom said he was getting hungry .
tom left the next year .
i could 've done it without your help .
i shouldn 't be talking to you .
tom wasn 't sleeping , was he ?
this has been fun .
tom seemed to be <unk> of what mary had done .
i know that tom is a light <unk> .
she said that she 'd found something .
tom and mary told me that they 'd call you later .
i forgot to ask tom .
i also don 't think that tom is going to do that .
the garden belongs to the house .
he asked me out on a date .
tom and mary aren 't going with you , are they ?
the man who lives next door to us is a famous actor .
both tom and mary died in their sleep .
i 've played chess since i was a child .
tom said that he 's not sure whether mary can swim .
the news soon spread that he was on his way .
she said she was lonely .
i was here all day yesterday .
i didn 't want her to die .
mary wants it .
tom is pretty good at everything he does .
" it looks like the <unk> is getting closer . " " yeah , it 's going to <unk> if school 's <unk> tomorrow . "
what do you think he should do ?
i 'm going back to australia tomorrow .
what do you think we should do ?
which concert did you choose to attend ?
the best way to learn a foreign language is to go live in a country where it 's spoken .
tom 's suspicious .
i think you want this more than you want to admit .
i know what i saw .
i wonder if tom and mary are still staring at me .
can you show me the word in the dictionary ?
a wise person wouldn 't do that .
the months slipped by and still there was no news of him .
it was entirely by accident i found out what tom was doing .
tom doesn 't think mary meant to do that .
sami should have a dog .
tom thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine .
tom and mary aren 't home yet .
tom doesn 't have the time to help mary right now .
i 'm going to eat my lunch at my desk .
mary started screaming at the top of her <unk> .
i don 't think that tom is old .
we did warn him .
i 've finally made up my mind .
i speak french much better than i speak english .
aren 't you the romantic ?
i have to write a letter , but i won 't be able to get at it until tomorrow .
she wouldn 't lend her bicycle to me .
can we talk for a minute ?
two years ago , tom learned how to swim .
tom asked for permission to use the copy machine .
tom was the manager before me .
i think that tom and i could 've gotten home by ourselves .
isn 't tom supposed to be good at this ?
don 't you want to see what 's in this box ?
maybe we should stop .
in my opinion , alcohol is not <unk> bad for your health .
tom shouldn 't have tried to do that by himself .
tom told mary that he was planning to go .
i knew that tom was a good <unk> . that 's why i wanted him to help me build my house .
tom didn 't realize he wasn 't going to be able to do that .
tom isn 't very good at playing the devil 's <unk> .
the apartment was completely <unk> when we moved in .
tom told everyone he was discouraged .
i didn 't know that you were going to like doing that so much .
the <unk> on tv was so popular that it <unk> up people 's interest in the period .
i 've already <unk> that song three times tonight .
tom must be looking for you .
tom voted for himself .
he refused the food i offered him .
tom likes to win .
tom will probably be nervous .
it would take a long time to explain it to you .
construction <unk> are very expensive at this time .
tom tried to vote , but the lines were too long .
let 's pretend we 're busy .
have you paid all the bills ?
tom 's mother is canadian .
we 'll settle it our own way .
warn tom not to park his car near the river .
sorry i haven 't <unk> to your letter earlier .
it is important to know how to <unk> things in berber .
i don 't like what tom did .
i should 've kept my mouth shut .
tom should 've paid attention to mary .
are there many tall buildings in boston ?
i think that you shouldn 't have quit your job .
the weather is bad today .
she wondered what she should do .
tom assumed everybody knew who he was .
do you think tom would enjoy doing that ?
sami ended his own life .
tom explained the decision .
tom didn 't seem to understand why mary had to do that .
the door remained closed all day .
german is a very interesting language .
in italian everything is written the way you <unk> it .
i like to think so .
she gets up at six .
we both will do that .
the report is only too true .
tom is still out there .
sami gave me his number .
i like doing this .
they said they 'd do that themselves .
i don 't want tom to know how much money i make .
to what do i owe this <unk> pleasure ?
tom didn 't have to raise his voice .
can you help me fix this ?
do you think tom is cold ?
you 're broke , aren 't you ?
nobody wanted to come to my country .
how did she get involved ?
a lot of people think that <unk> are fish .
have you been told where to park your car ?
i think that we shouldn 't let tom go to australia by himself .
i told tom we should 've <unk> you before coming .
tom told me that mary wouldn 't do that .
what just happened in there ?
they gave their dogs something to eat .
tom and mary sat next to their father and watched the football game with him .
i saw you give it to tom .
tom found an empty <unk> bottle under the bed .
the sugar is in the bag .
tom has more friends than mary does .
pay attention to details , and you 'll get along all right .
i can 't ask them to do that .
tom and mary told john that they thought he should lose some weight .
cows provide us with milk .
sami thought layla was going to shoot him .
i 'm here because i need your help .
did tom come to australia as well ?
i don 't ski as well as i wish i could .
i think i know why .
mary showed tom what she 'd bought .
i don 't worry about things like that .
is that a request or an order ?
i told tom not to date mary .
sami asked layla to help him .
tom said that he thought that i might not be permitted to do that this week .
i 'm waiting for my opportunity .
i 'm serious .
i didn 't want to lose him .
what 's tom doing now ?
" mary . " " what ? " " do you have a boyfriend ? " " why do you ask ? "
tom followed mary up the stairs .
why would anyone do such a thing ?
i know that tom is still afraid to do that .
tom wasn 't surprised that mary caught more fish than he did .
tom and mary say they don 't think you should do that .
mary called to tell me she 'd be late .
he held up his right hand .
tom is really busy most of the time .
that 's a matter of opinion .
what are some things i can do to improve my french ?
some children are as bad as they can be while their parents are gone .
do you think i 'll get the bike ?
the sea is pretty rough today .
my guess is that tom isn 't going to want to do that .
she looked like she was unhappy .
i don 't think tom and mary know how much money was taken .
i know tom didn 't know i shouldn 't have been doing that .
he 'll do whatever he can .
i thought that you were able to speak french .
it 's a detail .
it was not until yesterday that i knew the fact .
is that weird ?
tom said it was all right .
sami doesn 't have a car .
a new car came to a <unk> in front of the bank .
could you tell me what happened ?
i asked tom where he was born .
tom is being quite <unk> , isn 't he ?
sami spent his entire life there .
tom is not the kind of person you think he is .
will tom be able to do that for us ?
how long does mary expect us to wait for her ?
that gave her an idea .
what 're you reading ?
there lived once a great queen , in whose garden were found at all <unk> the most <unk> flowers , and from every land in the world .
i was in boston for three months .
i might go to boston , too .
are you going home anytime soon ?
without your help , he would have failed .
tom talks to mary almost every day .
please give me a glass of milk .
i wonder whether or not tom has a girlfriend .
my father is in .
there 's no reason for you not to tell tom that .
she has about as many stamps as i do .
why do they live here then ?
he said that he was really jealous .
they must behave themselves .
who went to australia with you ?
there 's no doubt that tom will visit australia this summer .
i think that tom did well .
it looks like the thief came in through the window .
you can 't cancel the meeting .
i lost my passport .
tom always wants to control everyone .
i 'm afraid i must say goodbye .
he wanted to get his computer fixed .
do you think there 's any chance that you 'll be able to come ?
tom asked mary what she wanted him to do .
i 'd do anything for tom .
i agree with what tom wrote .
tom was dirty and <unk> to high heaven .
tom and mary didn 't say when they were coming , did they ?
do you know the girl standing by the window ?
sami doesn 't understand what is wrong with layla .
you should leave immediately .
i 've been helping her out .
can you add these numbers ?
tom and mary think they 're smarter than everyone else .
we have to leave in five minutes .
what 's going on with you and tom ?
would you like some more time ?
tom knows why mary is crying .
tom is considering that .
sami wanted layla to stay .
i 'm helping them .
they murdered her .
what ? you don 't know how to drive a car yet ?
you don 't need to do that right now .
his <unk> on the test today is twice what he got yesterday .
you really don 't need to explain anything .
mary said she thought it would be impossible to do that .
i think tom is waiting for you right now .
mary is very impressed .
i called my boss in australia and he said i could stay in new zealand for another week .
sami kept his weight at exactly <unk> pounds .
she knew she 'd done something wrong .
sami didn 't go back .
the pay was good , and that was their only <unk> to <unk> in the study .
did i or did i not help you ?
i 'll fill you in .
tom is extremely clean .
tom and i are the ones who 'll do that .
sami followed layla in here .
watch tom for a moment , will you ?
i don 't think i 'd be able to get tom to do that .
i don 't want tom to see this .
mary locked her dog in the bathroom .
mary asked me to wash her car .
solar energy may be able to play a <unk> role in our daily life .
we 're finished here .
tom has been doing that since october .
tom told me he was irritated .
<unk> understands me , and it 's so nice to be understood .
make sure you don 't get lost .
tom isn 't being entirely <unk> about his job history .
sami sees those people as his brothers .
it 's unlikely tom will help us .
i don 't have the time or the <unk> to do that .
why don 't you answer my messages ?
i want to go to america some day .
i helped tom weed the garden .
tom told me he thought that mary was through .
mary said she didn 't do that .
how can tom and mary possibly take care of themselves ?
we eat to live .
i 'd like to spend some time with tom .
finish the song .
tom and mary used to have <unk> , but they sold them .
i don 't think that i really have to do that here .
he was traveling in the <unk> this time of last year .
i am learning old english .
tom said that he didn 't know why mary wanted him to meet her in the park .
mary asked tom to give her a <unk> .
tom is now <unk> third in the world .
he was thirsty .
she was about to go out .
i came to boston in 2013 .
i asked tom about the accident .
sami 's girlfriend was pregnant .
mary isn 't doing that again , is she ?
i 'm afraid the story will give him a wrong impression .
tell tom i don 't want his old car .
tom brought this .
tom wasn 't in his room this morning .
can i touch your beard ?
i guess fire should do the trick !
i 'm helping her .
sami had to know those people very well .
fadil decided to take an arabic class .
tom wouldn 't remember me .
i think tom said that once .
tom did his best to protect mary .
why were you talking to her ?
i hope tom didn 't get arrested .
tom and mary said that they just couldn 't do that .
he walked to the house .
i wore several <unk> at my last office so i 'd like to <unk> this time .
tom didn 't look comfortable .
it 's pretty wet outside .
old people deserve respect .
sami wanted to get his ball back .
what 's tom doing over there ?
mary is pretty sick , isn 't she ?
do you have laundry service ?
we have to wash him .
do you have any idea what we 're supposed to be doing ?
he said that he wasn 't lucky .
you aren 't married , are you ?
his sister and i will be good friends .
where on earth can tom be ?
tom eats at his desk all day .
i can 't very well turn my back on tom now .
this miserable old church is the oldest building in our country .
i threw away my old pillow and bought a new one .
he used to come to see me on sunday .
this cat is , so to speak , a member of our family .
tom stole all the cash that was in the safe .
sami 's cat was playing with the ball .
she 's extremely proud of her son .
was that all you said to them ?
she looked after her sister , who was in bed with a bad cold .
i drank a very hot double <unk> at the coffee shop this morning .
he picked up the phone .
tom said that he wouldn 't stay here with me .
tom wasn 't expected to do that .
tom , i want to talk to you .
the traffic was terrible .
tom says he understands why mary doesn 't want to do that .
tom and i used to live in the same apartment building .
tom asked mary to turn on the radio .
give me some room here .
you 've got to warn tom .
tom and mary said they thought they were doing the right thing .
tom was real happy .
i 'm trying to work now .
they could 've anything they wanted .
we have not yet discussed which method is better .
i visited the house in which <unk> was born .
i don 't think that tom will be asleep when we get there .
there 's nothing to prevent me from going .
tom <unk> the flag with his right hand .
tom said mary is pessimistic .
we 're going to do that the way we always do .
i know that tom used to be a history teacher .
you 'll feel better soon .
tom warned mary not to go out at night alone .
tom set down his beer .
can i do it for you ?
she certainly looks beautiful in a japanese <unk> .
it is hard to get through the work in an hour .
i don 't really think tom can do that .
i eat the same food every day .
how did tom and mary first meet ?
i knew you 'd do something stupid like this .
i 'm tired but i 'll do it anyway .
he stopped taking his pills .
sami should let layla know right now .
i 'm almost always here on mondays .
i 've been asked not to do that anymore .
i 'm pretty good at french , but i 'm much better at english .
i 'm going to see tom tomorrow .
tom said that mary was already married .
layla thought that her best solution was to get rid of sami .
tom told me he thought mary was a good cook .
i said get down !
why are you so upset with tom ?
tom told me he thought mary was sympathetic .
she claimed she wasn 't paid .
due to the lack of students , the school will be closed at the end of the year .
you can find a taxi at the <unk> station .
tom is due back in court next week .
i like the same kind of music that tom does .
i think the movie is almost over .
i 'd rather stay here with you .
without a good education , how can you succeed ?
aren 't you supposed to be at school today ?
tom ordered another drink and reached in his pocket for a <unk> .
he had a good lawyer .
tom is coming this monday , isn 't he ?
i wish we 'd stayed in australia longer .
that 's not likely to happen .
what do you like on your pizza ?
i don 't think tom will be as <unk> about doing that as you seem to be .
i gave him a set of keys .
i don 't work like that .
tom reached the finish line first .
the ones who come late get the <unk> .
is mary attractive to you ?
tom sounds impressed .
i know that tom doesn 't know why i don 't like doing that .
i don 't think that tom is in boston .
tom is going to do that again tomorrow .
i like to do things like that .
sami is still down there .
do you think i have to do that , too ?
tom says mary doesn 't feel like doing that .
this never happened before .
tom said it can be repaired .
i didn 't ask tom and mary who they were planning to go to boston with .
tom didn 't seem surprised when mary told him that she didn 't have to do that .
tom is never going to change his mind , is he ?
tom and i looked at each other for a long time .
mary gave tom her phone number .
she got carried away watching the <unk> match .
he 's quit his job .
too many trees <unk> a house of light .
she has a cat . this cat is white .
tom and mary said that they had <unk> after eating what john cooked .
they have a sense of humor .
both tom and mary are very hungry .
you ask a lot of questions .
i heard they 're going to raise our rent .
i have a feeling that he may blow in sometime soon .
drop dead !
this book is written in french .
tom asked mary what time she had to leave .
i don 't know when i 'm supposed to be there .
i thought you knew this area .
i assume that you 're not here to volunteer .
it was at that point that the problem developed .
i remember reading about that .
it 's not something everybody can do .
sami 's dream is impossible .
when it seemed <unk> couldn 't be any shorter , they found out they could be <unk> from above .
tom says he 's moving to boston .
i 'm not going to pretend that i know how to do that .
i thought that you were going to boston by bus .
tom wanted to hire a detective .
i 'm sure tom knows what he 's doing .
from home to work , it takes <unk> minutes .
" where were you ? " " i was at a friend 's house . "
i 've decided to sell my car .
tom promised to be back by 2 : 30 .
tom and mary don 't know why john didn 't want them to do that .
do you still have a dog ?
he seemed quite puzzled how to answer the question .
why wasn 't the woman who attacked tom arrested ?
he doesn 't like milk in his coffee .
if a sentence doesn 't yet have <unk> , it 's because nobody has <unk> one for us .
she may well be proud of her daughter .
tom said that mary was too tired to do that .
mary has things she needs to do .
who would risk doing that ?
this book is much more useful than that one .
" do you know what kind of tree you just broke ? " " no , i don 't , " i answered the detective . while looking through the open door , the detective shouted , " hey , do you know what kind of tree he just broke ? " " <unk> , looks like it 's a <unk> <unk> <unk> , " said the voice of a young woman . after <unk> himself in his seat , the detective asked me one more time : " do you know what kind of tree you just broke ? "
the wind feels great today .
you should have seen the picture .
sami does this shit all the time .
when did you decide to get back with tom ?
just like the earth , half of the moon is lit by the sun while the other half is in <unk> .
tom and mary told me they didn 't want to spend time in jail .
they don 't speak french here .
i know that tom would do that by himself .
tom seemed a little jealous .
he <unk> me as if i were a stranger .
tom escaped a few minutes ago .
tom told me that he thought mary was in .
she thought she was being cute .
keep away from there .
when is the first bus to boston ?
tom isn 't really planning to stay here all day , is he ?
i want to speak to a lawyer .
tom said that mary was going to quit .
tom ran out of <unk> so he couldn 't light the fire .
i was <unk> the <unk> , and before i knew it , it 's this time already .
tom took the <unk> up to the top of the mountain .
how do you train for that ?
i just got up . give me a few minutes to get ready .
tom said that mary didn 't look that strong .
we 've been here for a couple hours .
tom says he 's not afraid to do that .
it looks a lot worse than it is .
i just wanted a shoulder to cry on .
tom has been told not to do that again .
what size shoes does tom wear ?
tom and mary always seem to have a wonderful time together .
it 's about the right size .
tom told me that he was grateful .
i hope tom can stay here all next week .
you 've been gone over three hours . where were you ?
tom said he 'd come over this evening .
where 's tom supposed to go ?
tom will have to do that tomorrow .
i suspect that tom and mary are in boston .
actually , it was only a rumor .
i can help you now .
i went to talk to him .
did you find your keys ?
let 's check it out .
i am paid 10 dollars an hour .
tom says he 'll be more careful from now on .
tom and mary are supposed to be working now .
i realize how frustrated you must be .
mary will help you as soon as she <unk> doing that .
tom is trying to reach mary .
tom had a cigarette hanging out of his mouth while he <unk> stared up at the sky .
why don 't we all travel together ?
tom doubts mary loves you .
she was afraid she 'd be late .
he has the right ideas .
why are you <unk> like it 's the middle of summer when it 's this cold ?
tom likes to listen to jazz .
that is the restaurant where we had dinner yesterday .
it 'll take a long time .
it 's time for my break .
could you do that tomorrow ?
this is the one i bought yesterday .
do you know something i don 't know ?
we could 've done that by ourselves .
tom didn 't seem to be having trouble opening the door .
how often do you use your oven ?
you know , she 's <unk> up in her house .
trial and error is essential to progress .
what time are tom and mary <unk> you up ?
i should have thought of that myself .
the bathroom is dirty .
i know all about what happened .
mr smith hasn 't turned up yet though he promised to .
i wonder if tom is honest .
you ruined my birthday party .
we must <unk> and <unk> the <unk> to forgive . he who is <unk> of the power to forgive is <unk> of the power to love . there is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us . when we <unk> this , we are less <unk> to hate our enemies .
tom 's neck is sore .
we should allow tom to do that .
i know that 'll be hard to do .
i 'll just wait here until tom <unk> .
tom didn 't know what mary was so angry about .
the whole plan is only based on his personal opinions .
tom jumped off the <unk> into the river below .
well done , guys .
how does it feel to be a <unk> ?
i 'm very young compared to tom .
i don 't know how to do it .
don 't expect too much from the food .
that 's the only reason tom and i are going .
religion is freedom and justice being <unk> in the entire region .
tom said that mary was certain that she didn 't have to do that .
i 've been sitting here for three hours .
her smile made her look even more beautiful .
sami stayed with his wife .
this party is very boring . there 's no alcohol .
she said she might never come back .
i 'm afraid that he has already gone out .
i knew tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary what to do that .
i like walking in the woods .
tom and mary are likely to be hungry when they get home .
they said that they believed they could win .
i couldn 't leave it .
tom helped his son get dressed .
didn 't you know that tom was going to go to australia tomorrow ?
it would be better if tom heard it from you .
he will forever live on in our <unk> .
i wonder whether tom is strong enough to do that .
that 's a nice pair of legs , when do they open ?
tom has agreed to meet me on monday .
you should 've told me a long time ago .
tom asked me who won .
i 'd rather go for a walk .
the love of liberty brought us here .
i don 't think i could have done that without your help .
he got married quickly .
tom admitted that he didn 't do what mary told him he had to do .
it would probably be interesting to do that by yourself .
tom convinced mary that she needed to do that .
sit at the end of the table .
you are mistaken if you think he is wrong .
i have to do that right now .
real friendship doesn 't mean that you will never run out of things to say , but that you don 't get embarrassed when you don 't have anything to say .
every day one should at least hear one little song , read one good poem , see one fine painting and <unk> if at all possible <unk> speak a few reasonable words .
he <unk> that it would cost him 100 dollars .
tom just wrote a book .
tom thinks that it 's great .
tom has offered to take me home .
mary wouldn 't admit her mistake .
tom gave me a job .
the old man <unk> over his own feet .
mary couldn 't reply .
i 'm going to stop her .
i don 't go to the movies as often as i 'd like .
tom and mary say they believe they can do that without your help .
let 's talk about ways that we might prevent this from happening again in the future .
what do you do for the government ?
tom and mary said they spoke french .
everybody knows we didn 't do that .
she wants to drink some warm milk .
tom has a good voice .
he played the piano and she sang .
you 're the only person i can trust to do that .
do you think tom saw anything ?
sami bought layla drinks .
i 'll never forget that .
where do i sit ?
you 'll have to come here .
your hand stole towards your own old wound and a smile <unk> on your lips , which showed me that the ridiculous side of this method of <unk> international questions had forced itself upon your mind . at this point i agreed with you that it was <unk> and was glad to find that all my <unk> had been correct .
i 'll tell them you helped out .
tom needs to be told to do that by himself .
don 't play catch in the room .
what are our chances ?
i 'm not that tense .
two of the enemy <unk> have been destroyed .
what a lot of books ! do they belong to the university library ?
i know the boy there .
i need to talk to tom . the rest of you may go .
tom and mary decided to marry and start a family .
it seems obvious .
we never sing .
tom wanted to go to the concert with mary , but she didn 't want to go .
he lives beyond his income .
she was tired , but she kept working .
<unk> 's first crime was falling in love with that criminal .
the reason that tom didn 't do that was because mary asked him not to .
she is afraid you might be lost .
i 've been calling for hours .
there isn 't any cake left .
nervous ? me ? no !
i know that that 'll be hard to do .
tom changed course .
i felt my <unk> , i was afraid of following you .
i think that tom is coming to australia next weekend .
what was the difference ?
i really should be helping tom do that .
sami 's own father betrayed him .
does anybody want a pizza ?
i thought that i was the only one who knew that .
we never talked about money .
tom didn 't want mary leave .
why would you want to go there if you don 't have to ?
stop wasting your breath .
whenever i learn a new language , i always make sure to learn its <unk> and words for the <unk> and <unk> parts of the body so that i don 't accidentally say any of them .
it was one of the worst <unk> of my life .
tom and mary are kidding .
i try to go to the market from the house .
tom 's parents are much <unk> than mary 's parents .
at one time i was saying i want to become a <unk> .
are you sure you don 't know tom ?
i used to live with him .
that 's exactly what we want .
it was clear tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary she wouldn 't be allowed to do that .
tom seemed to be homesick .
what use would this be to you ?
could you tell me where i could go to get a square meal ?
tom is too old to do that , isn 't he ?
we haven 't begun yet .
i know that it 's highly unlikely that anybody knows me .
we will <unk> our nuclear weapons with america .
i think tom is frustrated .
we march tonight under the cover of <unk> .
mary said that she felt fine .
can 't you see i 'm in the middle of something ?
that didn 't help very much .
the prime minister is the head of the government of france .
tom was very friendly and helpful .
this is a grave matter .
tom looked a little pale .
pork doesn 't agree with me .
i have a personal favor to ask .
mary <unk> the door on her way out .
sami took layla to a really nice <unk> restaurant .
take the books out of the boxes and put them on the <unk> .
are you ready to fly ?
i think that we 'll be back soon .
i was feeling blue .
how did you feel when that happened ?
i 'm not sure that i have enough time to help you .
tom and mary are both shy , aren 't they ?
i hope it isn 't the <unk> answer .
tom has never let me drive .
tom and mary told me they won 't come to school tomorrow .
i ate alone .
we should stay together .
tom is wearing a coat , isn 't he ?
tom says that he 's healthy .
tom has gone to visit a sick friend .
mary wants me to call tom and make it clear that she never wants to see him again .
it 's pretty ugly .
i 'm tired of tv .
see to this matter right away , will you ?
tom knew there was nothing he could do to help .
they stepped on board the airplane .
tom put his coat back on .
she 'll do her best .
nothing makes me happier than eating good food .
i 'm happy you 're my friend .
if i had known her address , i would have written her a letter .
return to your work .
i hope tom <unk> to wait until monday to do that .
neither tom nor mary is from australia .
you 'd better take care of it soon .
tom and mary didn 't know how they could help .
tom thought mary wouldn 't eat what john had made .
tom said he thought that mary would be motivated to do that .
but in the last fifty years the temperature increased one and a half degrees .
your place is here , in your father 's house .
mary only takes <unk> when she just can 't stand the pain any longer .
he 's in his tent .
that 's a great poem .
i 'm ready to go home .
the youth was arrested for being involved in a <unk> .
i beat tom up .
would you please help me with this ?
sami split with his wife .
i agree with this proposal .
i 'm willing to try anything .
tom said that he didn 't think that we should call the police .
you and i don 't always like the same things .
you look like you 're a bit tired .
tom said that he 'd have to <unk> .
tom and mary have both decided to move to boston .
i didn 't tell her . she found out by herself .
what did you get him ?
i think we were lucky .
she told me she could handle it .
everybody knows i hate them .
how are you feeling this morning ?
i know tom told mary to ask john to do that .
tom and mary are twins .
you can 't stay in here all day .
i heard you got here early today .
i can smell smoke .
this is the pencil with which she wrote it .
i think we 're close to <unk> this .
you should have killed me when you had the chance .
well , this is the street !
the next day the <unk> was flat again .
tom did a great job here .
tom still comes to australia two or three times a year .
i have a pretty good idea .
it 's probably going to be tough for tom to do that .
sami called layla when he needed something .
tom won 't do that this week .
sami wanted to talk about what happened .
i 'm not equal to doing the task .
it 's a fake .
i don 't think i can live without you .
tom said mary thought john might want to do that early tomorrow morning .
late in life the <unk> learned to be generous with money .
i wonder whether or not i should talk to tom about that .
mary wanted to get as far away from tom as she could .
he told me he had no money .
let me know immediately .
look up there at the sky !
which guitar is tom 's ?
please tell tom and mary they have to do that sometime this week .
tom bought a small house on a quiet street .
be careful not to break the eggs .
can you tell me when to <unk> the machine off ?
tom is a music teacher , isn 't he ?
i don 't think there 's any need for tom to come to the office today .
we 're a little behind .
we stayed in a lovely little hotel in paris .
why did i have to be here ?
i know tom knew why mary was doing that .
mary refused to tell me who gave her those <unk> .
his book is <unk> towards children , but here and there are words that he has never seen before . he doesn 't know whether it is just him , or if they are just simply difficult words , but he finds them not worth the effort to look up in a dictionary , so he just keeps on reading .
i 'm a little slow sometimes .
tom thought that mary looked nervous doing that .
i hope to see his picture soon .
tom is the only person who has complained .
i was very shy in middle school .
tom <unk> a knife with him all the time .
would you please do that ?
you didn 't know tom didn 't have to do that today , did you ?
<unk> in science and technology and other areas of society in the last 100 years have brought to the quality of life both <unk> and <unk> .
tom is giving us time to consider his offer .
tom will probably get injured if he does that .
he says he taught himself french .
the river is high .
so many members of our <unk> society would do well to live some time with a <unk> people .
all i need to make a <unk> is a park , a policeman and a pretty girl .
she 's probably up in her room .
i 've got to go to another <unk> meeting tomorrow .
sami and layla spent the summer of their lives in egypt .
tom is the one who insisted that we leave early .
not everything tom told you is true .
i 'm going to australia next monday .
i didn 't know what to say , but i called her anyway .
mary would 've let you drive if you 'd told her you wanted to .
do whatever you want . i don 't care .
sami is currently not in school .
the population of russia , as well as its progress in <unk> , has <unk> increased within these last hundred years .
the heart and mystery of his <unk> was , to look upon the world as a <unk> practical joke .
tom is having trouble <unk> whether or not to go there .
tom doesn 't know mary well enough to ask her for help .
the whole night was ruined by the fight between tom and mary .
my students are learning to drive .
tom has a fantastic body .
are tom and mary still swimming ?
tom told me that he didn 't want to study french .
tom was excused , but mary wasn 't .
tom <unk> mary for not doing the job correctly .
she said that she was homeless .
tom said that it isn 't going to end well .
keep out of reach of children .
they got down on their knees .
the report turned out to be false .
tom was trying to help mary .
i love camping out .
tom and mary still don 't know who 's going to help them do that .
tom and mary are planning to go to boston together .
she told me she lived on park street .
she put the key in her bag .
tom lived in boston for a long time .
mary says she doesn 't plan to go this week .
the police persuaded her not to jump off the bridge .
don 't you want to go to boston with us ?
i hear that you are a good tennis player .
i didn 't tell tom i intended to do that .
i thought that you didn 't want to get involved .
what do you desire ?
we regret to <unk> you that your paper has not been accepted .
i can 't allow tom to do that today .
i fell asleep on top of sami .
tom and mary are pretty excited .
can i catch a taxi near here ?
tom 's parents died in an <unk> accident when he was three years old .
i just got a call from her .
tom wished he had more time to spend with his children .
don 't make sport of me .
tom will have to help me .
mary told me she plans to go .
tom got very good at it .
if i don 't do it , someone else will .
why are you so suspicious ?
you 're running short of time .
we should find a place to hide .
tom asked me if i 'd be willing to help him after school today .
don 't you think the air <unk> is turned up too high in here ?
tom told me he intended to do that .
what 've they done to him ?
mountain climbing isn 't something i really enjoy so much .
he <unk> on the war coming to an early end .
the doctor gave me a shot .
we 've been worried sick about you .
you had better not smoke so much .
i don 't earn all that much .
tom and mary always do that by themselves .
give me an example .
i didn 't leave a message .
how do you know tom will be there ?
i don 't have any more ideas .
why don 't you just talk to tom ?
you can 't really shoot your own dog , can you ?
we had to leave early .
he thinks that they are not <unk> beings .
good day ! you are our new neighbor , if i am not mistaken ?
the man died a few hours ago .
sami chose a different path .
you did that all right .
he invited me to dinner .
don 't ask me to do that again .
they say they 're depressed .
i had fun out there today .
she knows how to speak spanish .
we lived there a long time , by the river .
i don 't buy a lot of candy .
i 'm very afraid .
tom thought i was mary 's boyfriend .
they opened their suitcases .
tom said that he was irritated .
i wonder whether it 'll really be hot tomorrow .
sami had no interest in that dog at all .
i slept on a <unk> in the basement .
he waited for the elevator to come down .
thank you for telling us that .
you can use it anytime .
what we have to do is persuade tom to leave .
tom lost the watch that mary gave him .
what 's wrong with my sentences ?
let me tell you what i want you to do .
i play football almost every day .
tell me how much you paid for that .
tom came up with a good solution .
i 'm kind seeing someone else .
tom sold his car .
that 's just how she is .
i should probably tell tom and mary that they should do that as soon as possible .
we just gave up too soon .
<unk> may be forgiven , but not forgotten .
tom didn 't get along well with the other boys in his class .
tom hasn 't listened to the song yet .
one problem remains .
you owe me something .
tom can 't come to the phone right now .
tom has had plenty of time to get that done .
tom doesn 't think mary is broke .
he said he might not do that .
tom thinks he 's always right .
mary talked tom into doing that for her .
in his science <unk> story , everyone in china speaks esperanto at least as a second language .
did you really think tom would get here on time ?
that won 't ever happen .
i 'll finish what i started .
tom told me that he hoped mary would be home on october 20th .
i don 't think tom knows that i 'm not canadian .
tom and mary probably don 't know who they should ask to help them .
tom told me that he thought that mary would be mad .
tom told me he 's shy .
tom and mary said that they thought john was getting hungry .
mary looked like she was sorry .
soon hot , soon cold .
i 've locked myself out .
tom and mary told everybody they were planning to live in boston .
i didn 't think you could change it .
why is that crazy ?
i guess you talked to tom .
she 's the boss around here .
what will become of the children after his death ?
i love tom 's idea .
i 'm sure tom ought to do that again .
they really wanted to know what happened .
it being sunday today , we have no school .
tom said he was hoping that would happen .
before i get out of bed , i spend a little time thinking about what i 'll be doing the rest of the day .
sami and layla were hanging out and joking around .
i know tom is worried .
the poor girl looked up at the sky .
you should do that like this .
for now , that 's the only thing i can do .
tom and i often work together .
tom wishes mary would come over for a visit .
i need some of your time .
tom said that mary thought that john might be permitted to do that .
i told them to make the deal .
tom said he thought that he could do that if he had some help .
they get what they deserve .
i don 't always tell the truth .
have tom and mary been to see you recently ?
tom came home after dark .
forget that !
everything happened at the speed of light .
i know tom is nuts .
a <unk> country is a country that doesn 't sell weapons to a <unk> country , unless you pay cash .
i 'd really like to help .
how are we going to get in to see tom ?
i didn 't want to stay as long as tom did .
help yourselves to anything you like .
tom would like to ask you a couple questions .
tom and mary say they don 't plan to go by themselves .
mary never said she 'd help us .
ok . let me give you my number .
i wonder how long tom was in boston .
she asked him to not quit his job because they were poor and needed the money .
i don 't think i 've forgotten to do anything .
it was tom that i was supposed to talk to .
mary said she didn 't want to eat <unk> anymore .
mary has already bought what she wants .
now would be a good time .
he need not have come to the party last night .
tom will never to see mary again .
i didn 't know that you weren 't supposed to do that by yourselves .
i have to think of the future .
is there anyone who wants some more pie ?
mary said she 'd see what could be done .
who 's in charge ?
if i don 't do that , then someone else will have to do it .
tom is going to be a doctor , isn 't he ?
sami had a week of training .
that was the whole plan .
i met her three months ago .
it is possible that he has had an accident .
we 're still in danger .
i will manage my life and my thoughts as if the entire world had to be the <unk> of one and could read into the others .
i heard the school bell ring .
i can 't forget her .
it 's one of our rules .
this dog is very clever .
you know we 'd never hurt you .
who 's the person with tom ?
i 'm not sure tom is going to be willing to talk to me .
but i can 't believe it !
i 'm unusual .
tom told mary that he 'd decided to stay for a few more days .
tom makes all his own clothes .
i put out the fire .
you 're wet .
i believe that the <unk> of the environment is a bad thing .
i shall never tell it to anybody .
mary looks as if she 's drunk .
he has hope .
the old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station .
mary said she needed to stay home .
was her uncle staying in london ?
i use the pen you gave me .
i 'm afraid there 's nothing we can do .
all you need to do is fill out this form .
tom grabbed mary by the hair .
how many hours do you <unk> it 'll take you to do that ?
i don 't play the piano .
i asked tom not to post my picture on his website .
this factory makes toys .
tom and mary walk their dog at least once a day .
i 've finally got used to <unk> life .
sami talked about his efforts to win layla back .
there seems to be no way out .
the people need food .
i 've been in love with him since we met this autumn .
i 'm hiding from tom .
tom is likely to be awake .
i didn 't know about that until quite recently .
my thoughts are with all of you .
she opened her book .
right now , tom doesn 't seem very happy .
tom said the report was false .
tom thinks that <unk> is the most beautiful language in the world .
tom made me take a shower .
thirteen americans were killed .
your lips are blue .
if tom didn 't need to be here , he wouldn 't have come .
he applied for a credit card .
would you marry me ?
they told me to stay out of their rooms .
mary told tom she wouldn 't mind if he did that .
i don 't want to make this mistake again .
tom was suddenly put on the spot .
tom might not have died in the accident .
we 'll be in boston next weekend .
sami went in there and shut the door .
they say " the right man in the right place " .
i caught a fish .
don 't speak to him like that .
tom saw something strange .
life is a <unk> that is always burning itself out , but it <unk> fire again every time a child is born .
they 're innocent men .
he said that he 's very happy here .
let 's talk about your career .
i hope that you had a good time at the party .
i know that tom won 't be able to help mary do that .
i don 't like to take on such heavy <unk> .
i don 't think i 'd like living in boston .
it seems that tom is sick .
tom called to tell mary that he 'd be late .
tom followed mary into john 's office .
leave it up to me . i 'll take care of everything .
i doubt tom will ever forget that .
she learned to ride a bicycle last year .
tom is still in love with you .
the food tom cooked for us didn 't taste all that bad .
that 's not a crime .
tom and mary wanted to go to a movie together .
i thought that they were all canadians .
it happened right in front of us .
beauty is only skin deep .
tom doesn 't need to go to school tomorrow .
it isn 't like that anymore .
the three of you are under arrest .
he had little social life .
tom couldn 't sit on the toilet fast enough .
i learned a lot about tom .
sami 's hair is so beautiful .
tom and mary said they were trying to stay awake .
i can call him .
i 'm going to get there earlier than i expected .
she left for boston .
i thought that everyone knew .
your efforts will bear fruit someday .
think about it tonight .
i don 't think that i 've ever been so frightened .
i know it 's heavy .
did you go to church today ?
tom knows the police suspect mary .
that kid kept crying for hours .
tom drank directly from the wine bottle .
who do you think tom will ask to the <unk> ?
sami is a good roommate .
i don 't think tom is going to give it back .
tom was involved in the planning of the <unk> .
the first time that you meet people , you should be careful about how near you stand to them .
you 'll tell me later , right ?
why are you trying to hide your feelings ?
mary said she didn 't want to borrow any money .
my hands began to sweat .
it 's a pity that i don 't understand french better .
maybe tom would be happier somewhere else .
i saw him at the funeral today .
" when will you come back ? " " it all depends on the weather . "
he got his pilot 's license .
tom was puzzled by what mary said .
i don 't think tom knows which way to go .
he knows how to anger his sister .
i love each and everyone of you .
tom and i aren 't going to wait for you .
i have to tell him about it .
tom seems to be worried about something .
i love watching baseball .
if anybody comes , tell him that i am out .
tom has been here since october .
tom 's french is already pretty good .
i 'm going to try something new .
tom told me you could speak french .
tom hid himself behind a large rock .
what kind of food does tom like ?
he walked very slowly .
have you already become a <unk> old man ?
tom and mary told me to tell you that they 're fine .
don 't open your umbrella in the hall .
do you have any idea what that is ?
i don 't think that i can trust you anymore .
i could have known .
tom said that mary was going to do that by herself .
i thought that i probably shouldn 't go there by myself .
tom is waiting upstairs .
he thought it over and decided not to go .
tom always does that with me .
we 're being called .
i thought that tom would do that yesterday .
sami has been dealing with this for months .
tom doesn 't say much , does he ?
i thought that you wouldn 't be busy .
maybe tom can solve this problem .
i 'm between jobs at the moment .
you 'll feel better after you get some rest .
i promised to help .
please remember to turn off the lights .
everything 's fine . it was just a bad dream , a <unk> .
i 'm fed up with this weather .
one of these two boys knows that .
tom told me boston was his favorite city .
do you think you 're the only one who can 't do that ?
i think you would like it here .
tom doesn 't know how worried mary is .
i don 't think tom knows what he wants .
tom told mary that he thought john had gone home .
tom asked us not to do anything .
john went to the <unk> to buy bread , but he was disappointed when he found out that there wasn 't any .
they aren 't worried about their grades .
i 'd appreciate it if you 'd wait a little while longer .
did you really not know that tom couldn 't do that ?
sami liked to make his own money .
are you being punished ?
tom has made some very big mistakes .
we 're the only two left .
tom and mary ate at a <unk> restaurant .
i wish i 'd called you earlier .
does he want to go away ?
you are more beautiful than you think .
i think something scared her .
tom doesn 't have many <unk> to do that .
we live in a very complicated world .
i can 't understand anything he said .
we tried many different ways to do that .
an army is a nation within a nation ; it is one of the <unk> of our age .
tom has probably arrived home by now .
let 's go to a concert in <unk> .
mary took her pen out of her pocket .
i just miss tom so much .
look at that building standing on the hill .
mary said she was upset .
it would be lovely , if one could ride a bike around town .
i 'm sure she is going to sing at church tomorrow .
he was bored with his family .
i want to know when tom is planning on doing that .
what am i gonna do now ?
tom can eat as much as he wants .
i know that you 'd never do that .
i think tom and mary are still depressed .
he said that he takes a walk every day .
we talked about lots of things .
will mary do that by herself ?
i had to trust tom .
i can 't believe that a guy like tom was married to a woman as beautiful as mary .
did you know tom and mary used to be married to each other ?
tom wants to rent a new place .
she was poor , but she was honest .
too late !
please don 't speak english when i am around , ok ?
sami and layla slept in the same house .
where 's tom tonight ?
tom threw his things into the back seat .
sami is wasting his time .
mary is now living in boston with her father .
tom may still be in the hospital .
she was taken to hospital unconscious .
i 'm just leaving .
i thought that i told you to never come here again .
i 'm not a good liar .
i wish i looked like tom .
i 'm furious at you , tom .
i 'm serious about this one .
tom didn 't seem like himself today .
tom said that he really doesn 't do that much .
tom is in the living room watching <unk> with the kids .
tom should do that sometime .
tom gave mary a kiss on the cheek and then he left .
my dress is ruined !
i don 't think that that 'll make much difference .
you 're planning to do that tomorrow , aren 't you ?
can we see tom now ?
we are starting to eat .
how many class do you have every week ?
i know that tom is a much better <unk> than mary .
he is too young to go swimming alone .
tell tom and mary they should do that this afternoon .
tom didn 't think that mary was beautiful .
don 't go near this dog .
mary said that she couldn 't walk .
the answer is it 's complicated .
i 'd ask tom .
remember your humanity , and forget the rest .
i think tom and mary are jealous of you .
i know someone who 's never done that .
is tom still in school ?
in the first place , you all have to pay a debt first .
it was clear tom had done that for us .
i know tom doesn 't know that he shouldn 't be doing that here .
sami can 't pay rent because he 's always buying books .
tom and mary aren 't going to have to do that themselves .
why should i believe in your god and not some other god ?
i 'm headed back to australia .
hold the elevator , tom .
can you still walk ?
this letter was written by <unk> last night .
he paid too high a price for success .
do you think the <unk> was successful in italy ?
the horse is at the farm .
i thought that it was strange that he didn 't turn up .
don 't let yourself be <unk> into doing something that you 'll regret .
tom should 've come to the meeting yesterday .
i know that tom didn 't have to do that , but he did it anyway .
many men left for the west in search of gold .
tom needs to know we 've got his back .
he 's somewhat hard of hearing , so please speak <unk> .
tom likes to fool around .
i don 't want to have you involved in the trouble .
no thank you , i 'm full .
what do you think is the best way to learn french ?
he sang a song .
" i want that book , " he said to himself .
sami is charming .
i 've already been shot twice .
tom and mary thought they might not be permitted to do that at night .
take time to eat your meals .
i almost never wear a tie .
we didn 't argue about it .
they put their socks on .
i 'm the one who took out the garbage this morning .
tom bought a new <unk> for his dog .
tom moved out of his apartment .
mary told me that she 'd already eaten .
tom is apparently dating a girl named mary .
i waited for him .
there 's a dog close by barking .
mary said she was very nervous .
he said he wanted some company .
i know that tom is about my age .
who 's going to do that for you ?
i 'm not going to the movies with you .
she said she did it wrong .
no matter how hard i try , i can 't swim to that rock .
i really don 't want to eat right now .
tom ate a piece of the pie .
jim promised me not to come again .
didn 't you know tom moved to boston ?
i 'm sure tom feels the same way .
that 's it . i 've done everything i can do .
mary knows she 's not going to win .
tom couldn 't come .
i 'll take care of you all .
tom doesn 't think we can win .
he is poor .
has he got a dog ?
tom answered my question .
tom should be charged .
i 'm going to work now .
sami asked layla for advice .
i made a lucky guess .
tom called mary names .
once i opened my eyes again , <unk> was staring at me through the bottom of her beer glass .
sami answered the call .
i don 't think that tom heard me .
if i were free , i would accept your invitation .
there was , however , a need for food to be carried from the bowl to the mouth , and <unk> came along to meet that need .
i 've already read it .
tom knew that he sometimes drank too much .
sami could barely hear layla .
i didn 't know that you didn 't have to do that .
sami took layla by the hand .
tom said he thought that there was no need to hurry .
i don 't think that i would have ever said what you say i said .
rain is needed everywhere .
tom stood in the corner of the room with a <unk> and <unk> in his hand .
you let me down , tom .
i saw these people for years .
mary is going to be tired when she gets home .
he said that he enjoyed the view .
she smiled to herself .
mary rose slowly to her feet .
can 't you make it this year ?
i know tom won 't be able to do that again .
did mary tell you that she 'd be late ?
tom and mary are waiting with john .
sami was trying to find himself .
tom is anxious to leave , isn 't he ?
mary told me that she was planning to go to boston .
tom and mary were present .
today i turn four years old .
don 't you understand what you have to do ?
tom is too afraid to enter the cave .
tom and maria sweat , sitting in a <unk> bath .
it was tom who warned mary not to do that .
do you think i haven 't <unk> that ?
what have you gotten me into ?
i think you know what 's going to happen next .
the accident changed my life as i knew it forever .
the plane will take off in one hour .
she saw him too .
don 't be so ridiculous .
i think she 's going to be sick .
what 'll happen to tom now ?
he told us he 'd cried .
i 've got to find it .
no one likes him .
i get knowledge by reading books .
tom killed himself on his birthday .
i 'm going with her to boston .
tom doesn 't want mary to go .
i believe he is not guilty of the crime .
give them a hand , will you ?
how much money does he have ?
don 't you want to come with me ?
tom doesn 't know that you have a car .
i was just looking for you .
i 'm convinced mary killed herself .
she doesn 't speak japanese at home .
tom doesn 't know anything about mary 's past .
mary thinks she 's funny .
tom always says that .
nobody knows what happened to her .
he noticed straight away .
that flower is blue .
please don 't leave me here .
i know tom knows who did that for him .
mary wrote about her family .
i think tom lived in boston when he was in high school .
they kissed their kids goodbye .
they say that they 're interested .
i think we shouldn 't leave early .
they knew they had to hurry .
i was dying to get out there .
tom went into town to buy some <unk> .
if that 's what she said , then she was lying .
everybody loves free stuff .
i did that without anybody 's help .
i hope that they find whoever is responsible .
the boss <unk> his men to finish it quickly .
they are waiting for you in front of the door .
tom promised not to <unk> the source of the information to anyone .
" where the hell have you been ? " <unk> tom 's mother .
layla was trying to find salima a new man .
it began to rain , so he did not have to water the lawn .
come on . don 't be a <unk> .
they love their mother a lot .
one by one , the members told us about their strange experience .
tom 's weird .
i <unk> when the waiter tried to remove my plate .
tom is very lucky .
this doll is a gift from my aunt .
i wondered what had happened to tom .
i 've already given tom a present .
tom showed mary several ways to do that .
i buy flowers .
the doors were locked and we couldn 't get in <unk> .
thanks for telling me what needed to be done .
i forgot that tom could read french .
tom said that he 's considered <unk> his job .
tom sat on my right and mary sat on my left .
he gets a good salary .
they are looking at only the <unk> side of the american economy .
these shoes are tom 's .
although the man 's ideas are sound , because he can 't express them well , he doesn 't have a ghost of a chance of getting them accepted .
i don 't think that tom remembers me .
we fell asleep .
she said that she wasn 't worried .
everyone thought that tom and mary were going to be in boston this weekend .
women change the world .
i knew mary wouldn 't want to do that by herself .
i just want you to consider the possibility you 're wrong .
give me a smile .
she swore she 'd win .
tom and mary are pretty excited about it .
that 's all tom and mary said they needed to do .
she is a woman .
tom bought several bags of peanuts .
are you sure that you can 't buy one of those in australia ?
what else is in the closet ?
he 's at the <unk> , drinking with homeless guys .
there are more than enough rocks here .
hey look , it 's tom .
the pilot made an emergency <unk> in the desert .
he was surprised to learn this .
i sometimes sleep on the sofa .
i didn 't go out because it was very cold .
i didn 't want to scare him .
the invitation said , " no gifts , please . "
mary said she thought tom might want to walk home by himself .
it 's a squirrel .
sami found his keys on the couch .
our relationship was perfect .
she let us know she wouldn 't do that .
i started to sing .
my down jacket kept me warm .
these shoes are too large for me .
i saw tom lying next to the <unk> , covered in blood .
it 's rainy and <unk> here in boston .
whoever drinks well sleeps well ; those who sleep well do not <unk> ; those who do not <unk> are good people ; therefore , those who drink well are good people !
tom has told me he wants to do that .
i wouldn 't give up if i were you .
sami and layla moved back to cairo .
what 'll you give tom for christmas ?
tom came late as usual .
i didn 't enjoy myself at the party last night .
tom kept mary company .
it didn 't seem to bother her at all .
mary laid on her bed , crying with her face buried into her pillow .
tom and mary said that they 'd come to the wedding .
why should i pay you to put my car in my garage ?
do you like teaching french ?
i didn 't know you were upset .
they said that they 've been feeling sick .
even the chinese friends can 't understand them .
tom was seen on october 20th in boston .
tom arrived there after dark .
someone needs to tell tom and mary what 's expected of them .
i wish i had kept a complete list .
my <unk> went out . will you give me a light ?
tom told mary that he wouldn 't be likely to do that .
you put far too much <unk> in it .
i thought you said you promised tom you 'd do that .
my family will be away for a week .
tom works for me now .
mary couldn 't work out why tom was so <unk> all the time .
i know i can fix it .
i just can 't imagine the pain sami went through .
i didn 't get an email from her today .
i don 't know how to get home from here .
we must leave this place .
tom was surprised by what mary told him .
what exactly bothered you about tom ?
i love monday !
what do you say we get to work ?
mary said she 'll be doing that by herself .
she injured herself while dancing .
i 've got to see him .
mary said she had nothing to hide .
i 'll live in boston next year .
tom and mary may do whatever they like with what i gave them .
i thought you said you wanted to do that this morning .
tom wasn 't the one who taught mary how to milk a cow .
tom said that he didn 't have any idea what mary was doing .
sami got off the stage .
i need to be home by 2 : 30 .
i wonder if tom and mary are doing that now .
i finished the work in less than an hour .
mary doesn 't care what other people say about her .
these are my friends , tom and mary .
who did tom think was going to do that ?
you 've made a lot of mistakes .
if you had been more careful , you would not have met with an accident .
tom wasn 't able to find his phone .
maybe you should 've tried harder .
mary came out of her room .
i didn 't know you were planning on doing that .
tom doesn 't have time to do that right now .
i see it now .
i 'll tell you what i want to do .
let me explain to you how this works .
when he plays , there are a lot of wrong notes .
why 's it so hot in here ?
we were playing by the rules .
he hasn 't talked to me since .
tom is only three years older than us .
no , my name is not maria . my name is <unk> .
i do not like to be yelled at !
i really want to see you .
he was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast .
tom said mary thought that she might not be allowed to do that at night .
tom and i go back a long way .
if you did that , it would ruin our friendship .
she denied having taken part in the <unk> .
we never break the law .
what should i call you ?
tom never felt fear .
the cops didn 't find anyone 's <unk> .
father took his place at the head of the table .
it 's likely tom and mary will get married in the near future .
sami needs to feed his ass .
i won 't be a minute .
i had a call from <unk> out of the blue .
i 've never seen a river so pretty .
that 's what happened here on monday .
you may not like it , but you should at least try it .
sami was in the upstairs bedroom .
i 'm sure that tom will know the answer .
how come tom isn 't making lunch ?
this song is very popular in japan .
tom didn 't tell anyone what he was about to do .
i 'm used to getting my own way .
you did it .
is there a nearby <unk> of a japanese bank ?
if i love one , but one does not love the one i loved when one loved me , and one is one , but one does not love one unless the one that is one loves one , then does one love one , or does one not love one ?
tom and only tom can do that .
has tom been doing that for a long time ?
all the girls in my class are kind .
have you tried this before ?
tell me where you were last night .
can raw meat be fed to cats ?
tom pulled a knife on mary .
next year i will be three times as old as you .
tom said mary thought she might not need to do that .
she made believe not to hear him yesterday .
who else gave you money ?
i began to <unk> about 4 : 30 in the morning , but i didn 't get up until 6 : 00 .
berber is our mother tongue .
i hear tom and mary are still doing that .
if i 'd had three dollars more , i could 've paid the bill .
i played tennis yesterday for the first time .
you ought to let tom know that you don 't want to do that .
far north where i live i want to <unk> for the sun .
it 's a rare opportunity .
he 's sleeping in his chair .
i wonder if tom really thought mary needed to do that .
tom and mary say they 've climbed this mountain three times .
they say they want to go home early .
you 're wasting your time .
i was looking for something to do .
do you really think tom 's speech was interesting ?
i want him to succeed .
what do you think this is worth ?
we 're in a bit of a hurry now .
tom went to visit relatives in boston .
stars can be seen clearly in this area .
tom wasn 't worried about what might happen .
i used to draw all the time .
either you are right or he is .
tom asked mary how to cook fish .
sami <unk> his relationship with his wife layla .
tom went back to his hotel room .
do you have to do your homework now ?
if you have lied once you will never be believed ever again , even if you are speaking the truth .
you didn 't tell me everything .
tom will deny that , i 'm pretty sure .
tom taught mary a lot of useful french .
tom is washing dishes , isn 't he ?
do you plan that far in advance ?
i don 't know what tom was so upset about .
i came to tell you tom has been injured .
he told me that he 'd do it .
that 's a lie !
in legal documents , difficult words and <unk> are often used .
i thought that tom would leave the book with mary .
you 're going to need better shoes .
i happen to agree with tom .
please beat this carpet .
now that you 've mentioned it , you 're right .
they don 't answer to anyone .
i 'll be good to him .
please wake me at six am .
i didn 't think you 'd forget to tell tom to do that .
tom is allergic to milk .
tom and i seem to be the only people here .
there is only one of me .
do you understand sign language ?
tom got a ticket for passing on a yellow line .
butter is soft .
layla looked at sami and she started crying .
tom just does what he 's told to do .
there 's no reason that i need to do that today .
on the <unk> hand , if they 're too young and healthy they will escape and attempt to eat you .
do you really have to work this weekend ?
tom is making a lot of money .
tom and mary think i don 't know what they did .
i don 't think that tom knows how to play the <unk> .
i 'd rather be with you than anyone else .
i don 't think i can finish all this work by 2 : 30 .
i 'm interested in having dinner with you .
tom said that mary knew that john might be required to do that .
could you please tell tom that i need his help ?
i know tom knows why i don 't like to do that .
all right , but don 't say i didn 't warn you .
i know that tom has been unhappy .
she <unk> him a sweater for his birthday .
i doubt that tom wants to do that again .
tom has to have surgery .
i don 't think tom really wants to do that here .
tom just wanted mary to study harder .
she seemed really nervous .
i will do my duty to the best of my ability .
tom really does that much better than anyone else .
i don 't want to move .
i felt more than ever that these people knew something of the matter .
i was wondering if i could go home early today .
i knew tom knew why we did that by ourselves .
ask tom what he wants to drink .
i remember having seen her some place .
why would you want that ?
i don 't think that tom knows much about basketball .
i had hoped that you would be finished by my return .
sami 's mom did not like layla .
the past three days have been hard .
i was careless and i got some paint on my shoes .
i can help you stop smoking .
did you find another path ?
the parents could not help <unk> their little child .
remember what i said .
tom is extremely concerned .
i know i need to do that before i leave boston .
when and where did you buy that old clock ?
sami admitted to cheating on his wife .
everyone knows tom won 't win .
i just want to help her .
i 'm doing this out of respect for tom .
i didn 't have time to do what needed to be done .
now that i 'm retired , i hardly ever use an alarm clock anymore .
she didn 't tell me her name .
he got on his bicycle .
mary had no right to do what she did .
it sounds like tom might not have to do that .
you may be able to talk tom out of doing that .
tom said that mary thought that she was the only one who wanted to do that .
i was surprised that you won the prize .
i gave one .
set your mind at ease .
times were hard .
i thought you were going to australia .
mary is always in good humor .
she paid off her debt .
tom didn 't know mary was hungry .
it makes them stronger .
i thought tom had paid mary , but apparently i was wrong .
it 's been a while since the last time we met .
if only i had gotten here sooner , i could have helped tom .
i don 't think tom and mary are so strange .
tom said that he wasn 't planning on going .
if you don 't find me attractive , then just say so .
he 's washing his car right now .
has tom already signed the contract ?
is it still there ?
she couldn 't do that by herself .
i often buy clothes online .
is it true that tom and mary are staying in the same hotel ?
there are some things that money can 't buy .
tom said that some people got hurt .
i don 't give a <unk> what people think about me .
i hope this trip isn 't a waste of time .
come towards me .
it is not you but he that is to blame .
can you drive a little faster ? we are in a hurry .
i 'll teach you how to do that if you want me to .
i got a burn on my finger .
i know that tom wants to talk with you .
tom didn 't know how long he 'd have to wait .
were you the one who told tom about what happened ?
i don 't often wear a tie anymore .
tom is going to be <unk> by the police .
let me get you another drink .
no one knows why tom didn 't do that .
the police will get you to find the <unk> .
i can protect him .
he who has never left his country is full of <unk> .
we just want tom to come home .
maybe we should tell tom .
mary said she wanted to try to do that .
sami remained in prison .
he is a future doctor .
tom is very mean to me .
tom lived abroad for three years .
we will help him if he asks us .
i don 't think that tom will be angry .
mary told me she 's scared .
" a is <unk> to <unk> " has the same meaning as " a is true if and only if <unk> is true " .
tom might still have a chance .
she is drinking beer with our friends in the restaurant .
we want to go swimming in the lake .
i don 't think that i 'm <unk> .
mary says she doesn 't feel like doing that .
tom got out of the car .
did tom give you something ?
i would 've said yes .
we were so close !
sami needed a mother for his daughter .
do you know what you just allowed to happen ?
they told me they 're bored .
tom always seems to be sick .
tom knows how much it 'll cost .
tom said that he still had some <unk> business to take care of .
tom leaned forward to kiss mary .
i want you to get a good night 's rest .
why do some of your people want your language to die ?
my mother was <unk> , and my father was <unk> . it was not till i was five that i learned that they spoke two <unk> languages .
i thought that somebody would help tom figure out how to do that .
we 've learned some lessons , right ?
tom didn 't admit his mistake .
my room is comfortable , if it is a little small .
we can go together .
tom jackson is from our boston office .
does mary live next door to the bus driver who john worked with ?
you haven 't done that as many times as i have .
do you like apples or oranges ?
mary said that she was coming back .
where did tom hide ?
i 'm not interested at all .
i stayed inside .
i 'm dying to meet him .
tom is cooperative .
it 's really hard to choose the right color .
please help me cut up vegetables for the salad .
mary is lost , isn 't she ?
she 'll major in american history .
i can 't judge distance .
i wonder if i can add a sentence .
mary thinks she 's better at french than she really is .
please tell tom and mary that they don 't need to do that .
i just have one question for you .
what was tom called ?
have you seen tom 's passport ?
if possible , i 'd like to know the name of the author .
we 're good friends .
when john 's neighbor saw john selling drugs , she blew the <unk> on him .
i think we could have done more to help tom .
i never wanted to leave boston .
tom wasn 't able to understand it .
tom says he wants to talk about it later .
let 's see if mary can manage to do that by herself .
they 're <unk> the lights . the play is about to begin .
i was in a plane crash .
no details were discussed .
i told the <unk> that i needed the book for a report due on friday ; so she said she would call it in .
please sit as close to the front as possible .
i know tom is afraid that 'll happen again .
he looked like he was rich .
how do you know me ?
mary loved her children .
she nearly got herself killed .
i 'm sorry that this had to happen to you .
i hardly think so .
tom is waiting in the car .
i carried on my work .
tom told me he was going to boston .
tom 's plane went missing .
this is a basketball ball .
tom let mary drive his new car .
i 've gone over the numbers .
he knows too much .
black clouds spread over the sky .
double or quit ?
tom and mary told me they appreciated that .
tom said that he thought mary wasn 't sleeping .
mary is good at tennis , isn 't she ?
tom and mary are constantly fighting .
break the chocolate into small pieces .
it must be nice having someone who <unk> around even when times get tough .
how long would you say they 've been there , tom ?
that 's a subject i prefer not to talk about .
mary says that she 's a good student .
tom and mary haven 't admitted they did that yet .
tom and mary aren 't as old as they say they are .
i can take advantage of that .
i 'm sure you 'll find a way to do that .
how many languages can you speak fluently ?
someone is going to notice .
i know that tom didn 't know that mary was planning to do that .
tom is wearing sunglasses and no shirt .
they named the ship queen mary after the queen .
mary is very angry with her children .
he is well off , and what is more , he is of good birth .
tom told me that he thought that this book was interesting .
i 'm surprised you remember me .
i can 't ride a bicycle .
we 'll never do that .
sami was just taking notes .
sami would never do this again in the future .
mary seemed to be happy with the gift tom gave her .
do you know why tom was looking for me ?
mary tried doing that , but she couldn 't .
i had a <unk> when i was a boy .
" a fish out of water " is a <unk> for being unable to use your <unk> due to a change of environment .
tom and mary did that while they were drunk .
i was able to visit boston .
one of the first goals when learning a foreign language which uses another writing system should be to <unk> this very writing system as quickly as possible .
what was the purpose of all this ?
his behavior puzzled me .
this is my first time in boston .
tom told me that mary was motivated to do that .
without you , my life would have been totally empty .
it runs against his character .
i doubt tom would do that for mary .
she gave an <unk> report to her boss .
i 'll help find them .
i didn 't mean that the way it sounded .
we seem to be confused .
i want to know if tom and mary need to do that , too .
i spent three years in prison .
fine , perhaps i could help you . what is it ?
you aren 't expected to be able to do that .
has tom ever hit you ?
both tom and i are older than mary .
we never made it to boston last summer .
tom was obviously impressed .
i 'm pretty sure that tom has never been to australia .
is there anything else ?
tom couldn 't run very fast .
i 'm still learning how to do that .
i like studying languages from ancient times .
i closed my eyes and listened to the sound of the ocean .
she 's so big !
if that accident had happened in a city , it would have caused a <unk> .
tom still hasn 't told me the reason why he 's not going to do that .
he doesn 't need to know .
sami spent most of his life in the <unk> .
your mother is not going to like , not even a bit , to know that you were here .
did you have to wait a long time ?
i didn 't think it would be that easy to do that .
we shouldn 't have let tom escape .
tom stopped .
tom told me he thought mary was aggressive .
sami was just bored .
you 'll have to do better than that .
i have a meeting and i need to be relaxed .
" what shall i do ? " i said to myself .
tom is seldom at home on monday .
tom thought about <unk> for his gun , but decided not to .
instead , i need <unk> support from you .
maybe tom is eating right now .
tom is in his bedroom .
tom and mary are going to go to boston next .
tom should be able to get it done by monday .
little did i dream that i would never see her again .
mary is living her dream .
tom and john are brothers .
is it hot over there ?
i had him write the letter for me .
i know that you still see me in your dreams .
one of the workers was injured in an accident .
don 't worry . tom will be here .
meet me downstairs .
i warned tom not to eat that .
please keep your voice down .
i thought you 'd be busy helping tom .
let me go talk to her .
she promised me that she 'd do that .
tom and mary should never have tried doing that on their own .
the new <unk> laid off more than a thousand workers .
i know that tom appreciated that .
i 'm taking care of tom this week .
nothing out of the ordinary has happened .
we assume that it is natural .
we understand how difficult this must be for you .
i 've known them since college .
have a good trip home !
was that the girl who talked to you ?
<unk> was on the point of going out when i called on him .
i 'll get him to carry this case upstairs .
i 'm ready for a break .
they wrote the letters themselves .
tom persuaded mary to go back to australia with him .
they took off all their clothes .
if you need me to do that , i will .
tom knows we can 't do that , doesn 't he ?
i didn 't think tom would be worried about something like that .
a wedding is a <unk> moment in life .
do we want to go or stay ?
they got married three months later .
tom and mary told me that they thought john was <unk> .
what is missing in this car ?
i lived in <unk> for over a month .
he looked for them for five hours .
the work is not finished yet .
tom said he saw a <unk> the other day when he was swimming .
" what <unk> do you want on the pizza ? " " anything but <unk> . "
we started talking about teachers we didn 't like .
you 've done so much .
i heard that tom had been <unk> drugs into america for years before he got caught .
it started raining , so i got under my friend 's umbrella .
is mary planning on staying at home all day by herself ?
i wasn 't exactly sure where tom was .
mary told me that she 'd decided to do that .
i 'm good friends with her .
tom and mary speak french so well that many people think it 's their native language .
how did the meeting go ?
neither tom nor mary has to do that right away .
don 't you have an opinion ?
mary is going to do what i tell her to do .
mary said she 'll visit australia .
you 're going to be a great father .
she needs to sell her other house .
at least he 's not staring at her <unk> .
tom called his parents to let them know he 'd been arrested .
i wonder if tom really stayed in australia last summer .
hello , i 'm mary . what 's your name ?
tom was immediately attracted to mary .
i 'm likely to do that soon .
didn 't you know tom was adopted ?
tom is the best singer in our class .
i 'm not helping you with this .
no one went to the station to see him off when he left for tokyo .
i 've known jim ever since we were children .
wash your hands before you handle the food .
why did you bring them here ?
tom looked like an old man .
don 't copy other students ' homework .
she could 've broken her neck .
i 'm really glad i wasn 't asked to do that .
we need to find a good place to hide .
mary said she had a difficult day .
tom said he would look at it .
tom was sleeping , but mary wasn 't .
he 's too young to live by himself yet .
come at ten o 'clock sharp .
it 's really fast with a <unk> line .
who told tom i wasn 't feeling well ?
let me show you some pictures .
layla wants her hair really short .
i understand more than i can say .
what do you think tom will say when he finds out about this ?
when you are constantly told no smoking , no smoking like that , you start thinking , maybe smoking really is a threat to public <unk> or something .
sami won 't go home .
her temper <unk> her hair , i guess .
there 's a bus stop right in front of my house .
i see that a lot .
let 's try to do something .
i don 't think that you 're right .
i know tom will be able to convince mary to stop doing that .
i ate the whole apple .
the thought <unk> through her mind that she was going to die .
how will tom get to australia ?
bring a warm sweater .
the soup was nothing but water .
what if the problem isn 't tom ?
i think everyone gets a bit lonely at times .
i still have a few things i need to do .
tom started dating mary last year .
tom said that mary is interested in doing that .
i really should 've helped tom .
tom said that he 'd think about it .
tom hopes that mary knows that she needs to do what john has told her to do .
since when you have been here ?
do you think i don 't know about you and mary ?
i expect to receive an email from the company today .
sami didn 't care that he was in the house of god .
it 's been a long time since tom and i did that together .
tom will keep his word , i hope .
sami isn 't going to pay for it .
sami was trying to remember .
you didn 't know tom had to help mary do that , did you ?
tom went to boston because everyone else in his family did .
we can 't get out . someone locked the door from the outside .
how much money did tom spend ?
i 'm going to fill in for tom .
i wonder if tom was planning on doing that .
tom said that he was <unk> to do that .
you look like a man who could use a drink .
what time is it now by your watch ?
i think it would have been good to do that .
she forced herself to smile .
sami had everything that he really wanted .
tom kissed mary on the neck .
we can order a pizza .
she 's in her first year at college .
i only know what tom told me .
do you think he still cares about me ?
he said he was feeling fine .
she 's got a cute accent .
i thought you were kidding .
the long cruel winter at last came to an end , giving place to a <unk> warm spring .
let 's talk over coffee .
tom said mary was too young to drink .
it doesn 't look like water .
americans vote for a new president every four years .
mary said that she can 't do that .
it isn 't necessary to come tomorrow .
tom had no choice but to allow mary to do that .
i 'll get some drinks .
how much is this shirt ?
you don 't understand the women , tom .
tom and mary look tired .
i lost no time in doing that .
tell her that i am <unk> my baby .
i told tom not to get involved .
i will have time to help you later in the afternoon .
tom is a little taller than you are .
it 's not the final goal , but the process of getting there that matters .
that would be a huge waste of money .
she called to say that she 'd be late .
i 'll meet tom later .
i think tom would like to do that again .
this place hasn 't changed much .
i regret a lot of things .
i 'm actually done .
i can prove it to you .
i want to pay my bills .
the fortune was <unk> among the three brothers .
let 's just go find her .
i don 't think that anybody can help me anymore .
i am afraid they don 't get along very well .
he was cheated of 100 yen .
each of us has his own hobby .
i didn 't know that that was happening .
yesterday , tom told me that he didn 't know mary .
i didn 't tell tom that i knew you .
this is a horrible thing to say to a woman .
tom said that mary was very careless .
keep up if you can .
tom didn 't want anybody to get angry .
tom can fix things .
what did you watch ?
his mother died when he was young , and his grandmother brought him up .
come and help me out .
bring me some food from the kitchen .
i need a glass of water .
we all need air and water to live .
i have a good job now .
it was easy for them to find a hotel .
i eat a lot .
tom and mary watched tv until they fell asleep .
tom and mary say they won 't get married .
tom doesn 't know he isn 't supposed to do that .
maybe tom and i were wrong .
she spent all afternoon cooking .
the window is made of glass .
i thought tom wasn 't mad at you anymore .
tom must live around here .
do you know how to reach us ?
get up early , and you 'll be in time .
tom and mary said they 've been trying to be careful .
he put his finger to his lips as a sign to be quiet .
mary <unk> too much about what people think about her .
tom and mary fell in love with each other at first sight .
tom won 't believe anything you tell him .
you were never like them .
we arrived at the station a <unk> before the train started .
i didn 't know that tom where when mary was going to do that .
she was cool toward me today .
tom is sure to pass the exam .
i would rather have been born in japan .
i didn 't leave my house because i figured that i was pretty safe there .
they said they considered doing that .
tom and mary say they still remember the time we did that .
tom and i both like camping .
hey , tom , look at this .
that 's clever .
you 're rich enough to buy anything you want .
are you free on friday afternoon ?
we have a 20 % share of the market .
tom is usually a lot <unk> than mary .
mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather .
please give me a pillow and a blanket .
tom and mary didn 't waste much time , did they ?
tom and mary said they 'd never seen it .
i thought nothing would happen .
tom wasn 't the first man mary robbed .
tom wasn 't very calm .
i 'm sorry , i wasn 't paying attention . what did you say ?
" tom lives two houses down from mary . " " that 's pretty close . "
my grandfather has lived in kyoto for over 50 years , so he knows his way about .
i 'm getting dizzy .
tom began to get very hungry .
i know that tom won 't help mary do that .
he was aware of my presence but he did not <unk> me .
they said they don 't like to do that .
tom and mary are <unk> a much bigger problem than that .
french women are beautiful .
i should go talk to her .
i told tom and mary i wasn 't interested in helping them do anything .
what time is it over there ?
he did both at the same time .
i don 't think tom is retired yet .
i know what you want to talk about .
you must not do that now .
tom didn 't understand .
he was eager to impress her .
i just wanted to impress you .
shut up or i 'll give you a fat <unk> !
what is it that you want to achieve , whatever it takes , before you die ?
he is afraid to fly in an airplane .
what do you think is the most popular sport in japan ?
you all know i 'm not a criminal .
it was from him .
tom isn 't here now , but mary is .
i was late because of heavy traffic .
tom is a stubborn boy .
i haven 't seen tom since he 's come back from australia .
tom and mary say that they 'd like to come over this afternoon .
tom is rich , so money isn 't really a problem .
we shouldn 't make fun of anybody or anything .
tom asked me if i 'd go to the beach with mary .
i know tom is a cute kid .
tom asked mary for an explanation .
i shouldn 't have been there today .
i feel your pain .
i know that tom can hardly wait .
this is the house tom and mary plan to buy .
yes , i have a problem with you americans !
i have a new book i 'm working on .
she went to the house several times .
tom <unk> his car out of the parking lot .
tom said he thought i might not be permitted to do that this week .
mary said she 'd never consider doing that .
the worst things never end .
who else was at the meeting ?
i think there 's something we 're <unk> .
he isn 't as old as he says he is .
mary knew that if she needed anything , tom would buy it for her .
i heard tom is going to australia .
she doesn 't have the ticket .
i 'm not the one who <unk> tom .
we were better when it was worse .
both of tom 's sisters live in australia .
tom is taking care of the children tonight .
tom took off his <unk> coat and hung it over the chair .
sami was known for his taste in <unk> .
i only meant to scare tom .
she 's ready now .
tom said he didn 't think that mary would do that .
why do we talk so much about tom ?
tom and mary say they 'll come to the party .
i 'll repeat the most important ideas .
i 'm not driving anywhere .
let me talk to tom alone , ok ?
tom said that mary knew that he wanted to do that by himself .
sami was putting the money in his tip <unk> .
tom wasn 't very troubled .
i don 't think tom is interested in <unk> .
i was having so much fun .
i feel like she is just using me .
tom said he wondered if mary and i would really be able to do that by ourselves .
what crime did they commit ?
so that 's why !
i struck out .
i want to rent a cat . just kidding !
i love living in boston .
i don 't like a novel without a hero .
that 's not exactly true .
i can 't pay you . are you still willing to help ?
it isn 't my place to question tom 's <unk> .
i have many other things i want to do .
tom , your phone !
i have seen flowers come in <unk> places .
i thought that tom would apologize to me , but he didn 't
mary says she needs to find somebody to help her .
we should give tom and mary some time by themselves .
that caused a bit of a problem .
the forest was covered with snow .
tom is likely going to be awake now .
she said that she wasn 't canadian .
tom and mary say they did nothing illegal .
i 'll be over soon .
i can 't do without sugar in my coffee .
tom 's new wife is younger than his oldest daughter .
school is over ... for now .
more and more people promised to support him .
tom will look at it .
tom wants to swim .
it was a lot easier than i had <unk> .
some books are worth reading over and over again .
sami drove up to layla 's house .
they haven 't bought what they need yet .
tom told me that he hoped that mary would be the first one to do that .
you 're much taller than tom , aren 't you ?
i knew that tom wouldn 't sing .
let 's see how the <unk> play out before making our decision .
i wonder whether tom would be able to do that .
i was forced to pick a side .
tom knows that mary is over thirty .
that 's the <unk> way , isn 't it ?
you won 't permitted to do that again .
i think i need to hire an assistant .
you got better because you did everything the doctor asked .
they arrived at the foot of the mountain .
tom and i wanted to go to a movie together .
that 's right !
could i talk to you for a minute ?
look , tom , i 'm sorry i bothered you .
it was wise of her to leave home early .
i 've made a horrible mistake .
it turned out to be a lovely day .
i have nothing else to add to that .
you could 've done that by yourself .
when tom got home , mary was already asleep .
sami comes home at six .
can i use your bathroom ?
america is very large .
they said they 'd help us .
mary spoke to the person sitting next to her on the train .
tom said that he wasn 't sure what he should do .
tom will get well soon .
tom and mary knew they shouldn 't be doing what they were doing .
if i could have spoken french better , i might 've gotten that job .
tom reached for the coffee pot .
he studied as hard as anybody in his class .
in fact , he can 't swim well .
mary told me she didn 't want to wait until monday to do that .
don 't you care ?
my father painted the wall white .
we should talk to tom .
tom advised mary not to believe everything she reads on the <unk> .
i didn 't think tom was really paying attention .
as kids , we buried our candy <unk> in an old <unk> box in the woods .
we were attacked from both sides .
hold your breath .
you should be arrested .
who was sitting here ?
tom just got back from work .
let 's try and swim against the current .
to put it <unk> , i do not agree .
you 're going to hurt yourselves .
i didn 't realize tom had already left .
mary failed to keep her promise .
there 's not a chance .
he was becoming <unk> , which bothered him a lot .
tom expects all three of us to do that with him .
what time do you get off work ?
do you want to know who that guy is ?
do you want to come with us ?
tom said he 's desperate to do that .
how long do you think tom and mary have been seeing each other ?
sami 's dad agreed to drop us off at the <unk> .
she watched the passengers get off the bus .
tom usually sleeps longer than mary .
i grow old always learning many things .
dan got a text message from linda .
i was in the middle of reading when i had a call from her .
the desk is covered with dust .
do you want me to buy a sandwich for you ?
tom wanted to talk to mary 's father .
we were saved , but a price had to be paid .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was <unk> .
maybe the question 's not how but why .
do you think tom and mary will get the jobs they 've applied for ?
tom is obviously busy .
don 't forget that it 's tom 's birthday tomorrow .
we used to watch tv .
she only does what she has to do .
having met him before , i recognized him at once .
he has spent most of his working life as a <unk> .
i thought you said you were looking forward to doing that .
mary said she 's healthy .
this poem is too much for me .
don 't tell anyone that we are doing this .
how much money did you spend last weekend ?
it 's not so .
tom read the report as fast as he could .
i wish to live in a big city .
free him .
he has never kept a promise .
i have a meeting with tom .
tom talks to everyone .
tom told me he thought mary was sleepy .
tom said that mary thought she might be required to do that today .
this is a great idea .
i don 't think that tom knows what went wrong .
we are people .
i don 't want to forget this moment .
has tom already been here ?
i can 't remember exactly who told me that .
she did not listen .
you have good reason to be angry .
i plan to be in australia until the end of the month .
you 'd better wait until tom gets here .
i 'm pretty sure that tom won 't do that again .
tom told me his father was born in boston .
he is about to die .
do you think i can handle all that <unk> ?
i know you won 't be able to do that by yourself .
do we have to go to australia ?
you had better tell me now .
tom is probably not having much fun .
i come for you !
sami wanted to find love .
could you tell me where i can park my car ?
she has been sick in bed for the last week .
i 'd like to know why tom and mary aren 't here today .
how are you getting along ?
tom turned in his grave after reading everything written about him on tatoeba .
someone stole my credit card .
are you two talking about tom ?
you were hiding .
it 's quite possible that 'll happen .
tom says mary has to do that .
tom wasn 't wearing gloves .
tom said that mary thought that john might not want to do that .
tom was told not to leave .
tom has retired .
tom was badly injured .
i didn 't even know that tom was born in australia .
i have just made this picture .
she knew that she could do that .
tom 's parents told him they thought he was too young to get married .
tom doesn 't seem to be as calm as mary seems to be .
according to <unk> , cats have nine lives .
he is a tough customer .
i don 't think that it 's likely tom will drive all the way to boston by himself .
tom set up a website for mary .
please leave your message on my <unk> machine .
tom won 't likely be lonely .
christmas is just a week away .
i wonder if tom is as <unk> as mary .
tom will fight it .
does he have to run so fast ?
sami needed money to buy some weed .
tom and mary probably won 't see each other for a while .
how do you like your chances ?
tom is my father 's friend .
i 'm sorry , but it 's really not possible .
tom is used to dealing with this kind of problem .
i 'm feeling good .
tom and mary weren 't exactly sure what to do .
did you tell tom why he shouldn 't do that ?
tom and mary said it was easier to do that than they expected .
they cried .
tom said he didn 't know where he should park .
tom said mary knew john might be allowed to do that after his birthday .
sami stepped out of the car .
mary never does that by herself .
mary was surprised when tom asked her out on a date .
" happy <unk> ! " " you as well , thank you . "
tom put on his snow boots .
tom needs help putting a tv <unk> on his roof .
he is writing a letter to his parents now .
you can do the same now .
i don 't feel comfortable talking about that .
everything 's about you , so i 'm not going !
tom and mary may go home by themselves .
well , if you won 't tell me , <unk> your trouble to the iron <unk> there .
mary said she knew tom couldn 't do that .
if you did that yesterday , you don 't need to do it today .
i don 't know who the man is .
you need to wait here .
sami felt that he would have a good time at that club .
please let me sleep .
there was a sudden drop in the temperature last night .
tom was afraid everyone would laugh at him .
tom is way ahead of schedule .
paris is the city of love .
what will you do on new year 's day ?
i was scared to try new things .
you did the best you could .
i put a cup of hot tea on your desk .
please leave your message at the sound of the <unk> .
the price of food has gone up .
don 't you have something that isn 't out of my price <unk> ?
if a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of japanese , he shouldn 't only learn japanese from women . the <unk> is true for a woman .
i have to find tom .
sami had a small <unk> photo on his desk .
sami and layla were trying to talk about it .
i 'll have to take them with me .
they say tom can do that .
i think tom is joking .
tom can 't climb down from the tree .
i was very surprised when tom told me mary had left boston .
it seems to me that he is too careless .
tom said he didn 't think he was good enough for mary .
for the time being , i 'm happy with my internet service <unk> .
i 'm sorry , tom has already gone .
they don 't let anyone touch them .
tom said he was here to stay .
she had no right to do what she did .
who is the author of these books ?
this camera is less expensive than that one .
tom and mary said they liked doing that .
tom said that he thought that you were likely to do that .
i know about them .
tom is doing well at school .
i 'd like to do that here .
tom spoke french well .
she dreamed about kissing him .
it 's going to take a lot of time to do that .
tom said he won 't do that unless i help him .
tom bet me thirty dollars that mary could do that .
i thought tom was terrified .
his long speech bored us all .
they did not enter .
i think we make a good team .
steal money .
tom knows mary better than anyone else .
tom couldn 't do anything about it at that time .
that would be the best .
you don 't need to be there .
i know that you know where tom and mary are .
the company suffered a great loss .
you never gave him a chance .
he felt in his pocket for his keys .
what have i ever done to tom ?
tom is getting bored , isn 't he ?
i 'm planning on staying in the city .
tom and mary told everybody they were well .
i didn 't know that tom liked to cook .
please be quiet .
we have to stay in australia for another three months .
mary ! cried out the young man <unk> ; mary , you here , and in such a state ?
i 'll be very busy next month .
i didn 't know tom would be here , but i 'm glad he is .
we are annoyed at the constant noise .
i knew i was being watched .
look at that young <unk> who went up last week in a <unk> . it was <unk> a <unk> of wind , but because he was announced to go he insisted on starting . the wind blew him fifteen hundred miles in <unk> hours , and he fell in the middle of russia .
you should 've done that in october .
i was about to leave when you <unk> .
you have one mouth and two ears , so listen more and speak less .
i should 've told tom and mary why they needed to leave .
tom can 't do that now .
i 'm not the only one with a child .
i have a package here for you .
tom and i are done .
when you go to <unk> , you will see more .
we can see the tower above the trees .
i feel like the window was open all night .
aren 't you having fun ?
i hear that she 's mr. smith 's secretary .
he raised his hands one after the other .
tom is in a fairly bad mood right now .
tom will change it .
tom told me that he met mary in australia .
tom invited mary and her friends to dinner .
tom said he 'd buy it if i <unk> the price by thirty dollars .
you can 't be serious .
i saw many <unk> written in chinese in the meeting room .
we can still talk to them .
have i ever let you down before ?
what position do you play ?
i wonder why tom didn 't want to go to australia with mary .
do we need to do more ?
tom wants me to help him with his homework .
it 's october already .
he said his house wasn 't for sale .
she wants to wait until marriage .
i should give tom a chance to do that .
i don 't eat as much as tom does .
tom bought too much bread .
it is certain that he 'll win the game .
he says i speak too fast , but this is how we speak <unk> .
i 'm not playing with you now .
tom probably knows where mary plans to go to college .
i know tom and mary have both been injured .
i thought that tom liked me .
tom talks funny .
you can 't blame yourself for that .
sami asked layla to take good care of their daughters .
after he had done his homework , he went to bed .
tom and mary have cars , but they don 't drive them very often .
tom will probably be late again .
did you get the money i sent you ?
i just don 't think this is funny .
sami has to tell layla the truth even if it hurts .
she promised she 'd clean her room .
a strong argument for the religion of <unk> is this that <unk> against <unk> are about the only ones which men on their <unk> can be made , not to understand , but to feel , as crime .
mary doesn 't know why her boss wants her to go to boston .
who do you usually play golf with ?
you 're breaking the law .
is air travel becoming dangerous ?
we 've only been married for a week and you 're already coming home so late !
sami doesn 't believe me .
does tom have to be there ?
did you ever hear anything like it ?
you know that i 'm not supposed to help tom do that , don 't you ?
i 'm surprised you didn 't know tom didn 't want to do that .
i had my radio repaired by him .
we knew we had to work hard .
they had to go to the hospital .
who will count the stars ?
let 's assume for the moment that i believe you .
tom said that he had trouble doing that .
i thought that tom had fixed this .
mary didn 't want anyone to do that for her .
that 's all tom and i are looking for .
let 's go out to eat .
do you think tom will visit us next summer ?
tom helped mary .
tom and mary say they have no idea what needs to be done .
tom spent most of the day doing that .
i 'm not very interested .
tom asked me if i wanted to go to australia with mary .
mary said she wished she hadn 't let tom kiss her .
such <unk> classes are available only for children who have difficulties in science .
he told me that he was furious .
i think that we should go to australia next year .
tom says i 'm beautiful .
i know of what i speak .
i actually agree with you on that .
dan asked his sister to prepare him a cup of coffee .
tom is going to be doing that early tomorrow morning .
he helped me clean up the mess .
tom may never <unk> the use of his legs .
i know that tom is a college student .
sami went to a popular shopping mall in cairo .
i can 't find a job i like .
tom and mary aren 't going to let john win .
tom and mary asked if they could help .
i 'm sorry i did that .
tom is really sweet .
this video will interest everyone who likes classical music , especially those who like the <unk> .
mike said that he was very careless .
as yet he has not succeeded .
i can 't eat raw eggs . they have to be cooked .
i 'm only reading the <unk> on news on the internet , but , well , i get the general picture .
i was hoping you 'd tell me .
i tried reading that book .
my parents are good people .
he 'd never do that by himself .
i think tom is a pretty good <unk> singer .
why should i worry about her ?
who gave them to me ?
tom called me lazy .
tom said he plans to go monday .
i 've often thought that about my personal <unk> .
your o 's look like a 's .
don 't <unk> me as your father anymore .
what language do you usually speak at work ?
i can 't get the <unk> out of this bottle .
i won the bet .
tom isn 't wearing a shirt .
i decided not to drink .
i look forward to seeing you again very soon .
what are tom and mary staring at ?
i was <unk> for fishing without a license .
tom has never been young .
however , you should not lose heart .
tom didn 't leave when he was supposed to .
i will tell thy <unk> , which do thou write in the <unk> of thy memory .
he feels very happy .
is that difficult to do ?
it could take me ten years to fully understand what i have <unk> .
sorry , i know you 've been <unk> by the issue many times , but i have a question .
do you prefer white rice or brown rice ?
i didn 't think we had any choice .
mr. jackson 's first name was never mentioned .
why are you here alone ?
tom said that he didn 't have one of these yet .
tom might need to speak french .
unfortunately , this wasn 't done .
tom hasn 't been himself the last few days .
sami was standing outside in the cold .
i just pulled as hard as i could .
what you said made tom cry .
the girl went to school in spite of her illness .
tom won 't answer .
tom could 've been alone .
mary looks good for her age .
he does things his own way .
people form society .
tom has already been asked to leave .
i 'm helping them out .
tom told mary that he thought john wasn 't surprised .
you 're not going to tell tom , are you ?
sami is a crazy boy .
i don 't want her to see it .
we 're going to raise our prices .
tom will be able to solve the problem .
while there is <unk> <unk> in climate science , there is high confidence in our understanding of the <unk> effect and the knowledge that human <unk> are changing the climate in <unk> ways . there is enough information to make decisions based on that understanding .
he is almost always home .
i 'm glad we did what we did .
i need to borrow money from tom again .
i found the book by accident .
tom wouldn 't let us do that for him .
what 's tom 's story ?
tom and mary told me that they were healthy .
i shared my doubts with tom .
it is ten years since he came to japan .
tom isn 't going to take tomorrow off .
tom and mary said they thought i was the only one who needed to do that .
to tell the truth , i don 't really like her .
i don 't believe half of what i 've been told about you .
sami didn 't talk to anybody .
he 's the same age as i .
tom shot himself with his father 's gun and died .
don 't waste your time with tom . he 's <unk> to good advice .
tom and mary are both sitting on the couch .
tom and mary weren 't in their <unk> .
tom seemed satisfied .
her mother made her a new dress .
i took a lot of it .
tom didn 't want to get married , but his parents forced him to .
i visited canada long ago .
we 're sad .
tom is able to do that now .
i 've <unk> for a dinner tomorrow night .
sami noticed the smell .
i didn 't get hurt .
the place was completely empty .
its neck and head were very soft .
i didn 't say which country .
i am a <unk> and i love my country .
the teacher said it 's all right to do that now .
tell me why you weren 't at this afternoon 's meeting .
i could have helped you if you had asked me .
tom said that he thought that i would do that .
i should 've done that with tom .
we should always be careful of what we do .
tom loves going out .
you tell me that all the time .
i went to europe by way of <unk> .
i don 't need a gun .
mary said she thought tom wasn 't here .
he 'll be fine , ok ?
i asked around , but nobody seemed to have any idea how to fix the problem .
we want an assistant , <unk> someone with experience .
tom is almost always free in the early evening .
i don 't think that 'll happen anytime soon .
mary told me that she thought tom wouldn 't do that .
tom and i are going to be late for school if we don 't hurry .
what were the <unk> events of last year ?
i have three questions for you .
i 'm still not happy about it .
i doubt that tom really had to do that this morning .
do you enjoy teaching french ?
the bird flew away and was lost to sight .
what 's next ?
tom doesn 't want mary to swim by herself .
i can 't talk to anyone else .
tom will never find out about this .
tom asked me to stay and help him .
tom said mary thought he might be allowed to do that by himself .
mary is a former model .
we weren 't expecting that he would call to see us .
i know tom isn 't a student here . he 's a teacher .
the loss of her father was very <unk> for her .
i don 't think that doing that would be ok .
they got married only recently .
sami took that into account .
i wasn 't prepared for this surprise .
she 's <unk> , so she might know something .
tom and mary know i won 't do that .
i don 't want you to tell him .
could we have a word with you ?
we think tom an honest man .
i brought you some tea .
he has such foreign books as you can 't <unk> in japan .
mary learned how to swim when she was very young .
we 're going to listen to their new record together .
i hear tom and mary are considering getting divorced .
we will see whether he will recognize me or not .
my problem isn 't drinking , but smoking .
he is home on leave .
we have to do this right away .
you 'll understand once you have kids .
" i 'm looking for the telephone number of the <unk> on rose street . will you help me find it ? " " so you 're looking for the book service . " " you never really listen to me . i need the telephone number of the pizza <unk> service . " " are you talking about a pizza service ? " " that 's just what i 'm talking about . " " for me , then , a <unk> pizza . "
tom and mary like their new jobs .
tom knows that there isn 't much he can do about it .
brazil is a large country .
they 're all scared of him .
i tried to catch my breath .
how much did the tickets cost you ?
are all the windows locked ?
i 'm feeling very good .
i still think we should have told your dad where we 're going tonight .
they never did what they said they 'd do .
i 've never lived anywhere except australia .
we could have left earlier if we 'd wanted to .
i don 't think i could 've done that .
this watch is expensive .
i can do it .
mary asked tom what he thought of her dress , but he knew better than to tell her what he really thought .
i 've been here for three days .
tom stole the pass .
i 've never met her , but i recognize her .
tom didn 't know for certain how much the new computer would cost .
tom hasn 't been fishing in a long time .
i don 't think that tom knows exactly what he ought to be doing .
i 'm getting used to doing this .
maybe all of these photos should have been thrown away .
tom doesn 't seem to be in a hurry .
i 'll look after your <unk> when you are dead .
did tom say he thought it would be easy to do that ?
tom looked around for his key .
tom should be able to answer your question .
he would often go to the library .
that <unk> for why the door was open .
tom and mary tried to keep their <unk> low .
some people like doing that , but i don 't .
why don 't you let tom and mary do that for you ?
i must 've eaten something bad .
mary wasn 't afraid to get her clothes dirty .
i visited my friends tom and mary yesterday .
you seem to know a lot about tom and his family .
mary refused to let me help her .
out rushed the man and his wife .
mary said that she 'd do that , too .
i can 't come and see you every day .
there 's no need to tell tom about this .
what do you need german for ?
tom is eager to do that , isn 't he ?
she 's going to get her chance .
the museum is worth visiting .
i hope tom never finds out .
it 's hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure .
would you open the door ?
he and i are friends .
i enjoy listening to jazz .
i don 't live here in australia .
do you think i 'm smart ?
tom picked up one of the pictures .
mary said she needed to ask me a few more questions .
at the same age , i used to wonder about matter , thinking that different <unk> must have <unk> different kinds of matter .
you and i 'll be working together .
we feel at ease .
tom and mary are frightened .
tom only has one arm .
they 're rich .
allow me to buy that for you .
i doubt tom will be able to <unk> the deal .
i know lots of french teachers .
you 'll always be welcome here in my house .
how would you take these words ?
be careful or she 'll <unk> you in the back .
he was heard to sing at the concert .
that 's told him !
i just can 't come to australia now .
mary had a party at her place monday evening .
sami and layla were six years apart .
i found , to my surprise , that she was dead .
it makes no difference what she said .
we have a small chance to win .
neither tom nor mary has made any progress .
i have to change the baby 's <unk> .
tom never expected to fall in love .
tom is a strong man .
sami needs to explain this a little bit better .
tom told mary that he wasn 't planning to join the team .
she didn 't tell anybody who she was .
i asked tom to do that by himself .
he says he saw something else .
he will set out for china tomorrow .
tom doesn 't have the confidence to do that by himself .
she injured her back playing tennis .
tom was too scared to do anything .
you killed them .
those children are making too much noise .
i feel slightly sick .
it 's a little late for that now .
what did you say to the boss ?
it 's my responsibility , isn 't it ?
do people really have to hate one another ?
i didn 't know tom and mary didn 't have driver 's <unk> .
i love the way you and tom work together .
the higher we climbed , the <unk> became the mountain .
sami explained what hijab is .
it 's not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it .
you told tom you could do that , didn 't you ?
sami was mad at me .
tom said he thought that mary wouldn 't cry .
every wall is a door .
how long did you wait to see the doctor ?
i see the point of the argument .
schools will be closed today because of the snow .
he stayed here for a short time .
tom and mary are quite busy now , aren 't they ?
tom says he 's tired of everybody 's complaining .
the snow began to fall so <unk> that the little boy could not see his own hand .
they did not plan to break their promises .
you returned .
i know that tom is a very strange person .
i haven 't actually done that yet .
i like this coat . may i try it on ?
it was raining when they arrived .
tom and mary say they 're not willing to take that risk .
they say that they 're feeling better today .
come on , you can do better than this !
they said they 're weak .
in spite of the heavy snow , she came all the way to the station .
i believe that 's it .
we like to travel .
tom would never just let me win .
your parents are cool .
this train <unk> at nine o 'clock sharp .
around 300 people were arrested .
all the guests did justice to his wife 's cooking .
sami didn 't call layla back .
let 's throw a party for tom .
i know that tom is a very good <unk> player .
nobody but you can make me happy .
sami hated staying after school .
she intended to go shopping with her mother , but her mother was busy .
sami was so sad about it .
i think tom 's leg is broken .
he 's in debt to the bank because he bought that big house .
this room is cold .
we aren 't children .
a woman is walking towards us .
i think tom is afraid .
tom and mary are studying .
tom is sitting over there .
that 's the only possible explanation .
tom doesn 't have to answer these questions .
tom knew that he couldn 't do what mary was asking him to do .
how do i stop her ?
tom and mary didn 't seem to understand why they had to do that .
i walked all the way to boston .
<unk> university studies will cost you ten thousand pounds at a minimum .
have you gone to the book fair ?
tom and mary told us they thought doing that would be dangerous .
i should go and warn tom .
i had not been in my study five minutes when the <unk> entered to say that a person <unk> to see me .
it is very important to decide what to do about the <unk> of the roof .
how much time do we have to finish this ?
tom claims that he didn 't know that mary was planning to do that .
my father likes traveling by air .
sami didn 't want to stop drinking .
tom is usually home by now , isn 't he ?
i guess i 'd better leave you two alone .
didn 't tom know he shouldn 't do that ?
he grew up poor , so he 's used to <unk> .
you shouldn 't drive so fast .
are you in on this ?
tom and mary weren 't invited .
they promised they won 't do that here .
have you ever seen this ?
do you want another cup of coffee ?
you warned mary what would happen if she did that , didn 't you ?
tom and mary said that they weren 't afraid of anyone .
the minimum <unk> is not enough to live on .
white is a popular car color .
sami went to his friends .
tom decided not to tell mary the truth .
he said he wasn 't having any fun .
sami is going to talk about layla .
what were tom 's exact words ?
it 's the only possible explanation .
mary hoped she could get her children back .
every sunday afternoon , i go to the <unk> .
the song is now very familiar to us .
she usually wears jeans .
she made little of her mother 's advice and went out alone .
sami isn 't a bad person .
tom and mary are going to change that .
what have you got there ?
we haven 't seen them in a while .
as you know , i 've lost my job , so i 'm having trouble paying all my bills .
i think you 'd better leave .
i thought you said you hated tom .
we 're out of stock .
anybody who wants to come is invited .
everything depends upon the results .
i wonder if i 'll have to do that .
mary said she thought tom would be absent .
tom took a deep breath and said nothing .
you seemed surprised when mary told you she didn 't have to do that .
that was pretty funny .
we 're not going to make a decision <unk> .
who the devil was that ?
mary may have everything she wants .
i 'm aware that there 's only a <unk> chance that you 'll want to see me .
tom and mary are meant for each other .
everything is cheap .
tom used to drive a bus .
mary is going to get all the help she needs .
she 's confident of her ability .
tom didn 't want mary to move to boston .
tom told me he couldn 't breathe .
i want to find out if tom is going to wear the new shirt i gave him .
mary said she didn 't expect anyone to help her .
i love reading books .
tom and mary broke up last monday .
it 's going to be hard to beat tom .
she felt <unk> when the children did not come home .
sami 's dog attacked the cat .
i 'll tell tom what a <unk> job you did .
she likes cake a whole lot .
he is still here .
you don 't have the right to call me ' my love . '
i needed a week to get used to it .
what didn 't you tell us you weren 't feeling well ?
tom used to love doing that .
not everyone in town likes me .
i 'm sure i 'll succeed .
mother will never approve of my marriage .
he killed himself .
tom and mary say they didn 't plan to stay so long .
mary says she 's been thinking about what tom said .
i can <unk> you to a good book on this subject .
<unk> is a problem in many countries around the world .
<unk> are on sale on the top floor .
layla told fadil she was expecting his baby .
i told tom no .
this is how you get results .
when did the word " <unk> " come into common use ?
they got their feelings hurt .
i would like to invite you to dinner .
i suggest you do what tom and mary are doing .
" what , " said he , " should be done to a certain person who has <unk> everyone ? "
i have a <unk> duty towards this girl .
he says he feels a little better .
i 'll go there on monday , too .
neither tom nor mary has anything to lose .
i want to keep working here .
you should have seen it .
" do you get it ? " " now i do " .
she was very ambitious for her children .
tom said he doesn 't think that you can take care of yourself .
they gave up their plan to climb mt . <unk> .
raise your left hand .
mary told us she couldn 't do that .
it wasn 't as difficult to do that as i thought it would be .
you should tell tom that mary will do that .
we might have to live in australia for a few years .
tom and mary won 't do that themselves .
she says she 's thirsty .
tom said i wasn 't permitted to do that .
tom wouldn 't let me leave as early as i wanted to .
tom and mary said they didn 't know who john was planning on going with .
i knew that tom didn 't care about mary .
promise you 'll drop by tonight .
it 's probably going to be <unk> to do that .
just be careful with him .
the girl has a sweet heart .
i 'm unlikely to go to australia this year .
sami 's phone was shut off .
you 're becoming sweet .
tom and mary say they 're not thirsty .
tom thinks that he knows where to find mary .
layla heard a loud noise .
don 't forget to follow my <unk> during your trip abroad .
can i talk to you outside for a second ?
everyone ought to be a master of his own <unk> .
they started to sell a new type of car in tokyo .
i 'll remain in australia for another three weeks .
they told me they didn 't agree .
you don 't like me , but you were dating me ?
i saw tom in the mirror so i turned around and said hi .
one is not a prime number .
tom doesn 't like it when mary writes sentences about <unk> , since he is afraid that she would fall in love with them and wouldn 't any longer want him around .
this ticket is good for two weeks .
i 'm not the only one who 's planning on doing that .
ken believed tom .
where there is grass , there is no water . where there is water , there is no grass .
i 'm wasting my time with you .
tom says that he knows nothing about mary .
tom was the only other person who should have done that .
tom is far away .
<unk> at a fair <unk> , the test 's subject will be the same for all of you scientists of the world : write a scientific <unk> in english !
i wish my imagination was as good as yours .
tom said that he didn 't know what mary needed to do .
i hope you didn 't do that .
i should 've known you 'd be here .
sami kept yelling for a good <unk> minute .
he was ordered to shut up .
i didn 't feel like going out this evening .
she goes online for several hours every day .
we went up so high that we could get the whole view of the city .
let us <unk> some light on the matter .
i should 've known that i couldn 't trust you .
tom thought that he could do that .
tom told me he 's not certain what he should do .
do you speak french , too ?
mary couldn 't see herself ever doing that .
i think that tom probably knows about it already .
tom enjoys watching tv .
at first , i took him for your brother .
i did do it .
the fact is that he is my close friend .
there are too many difficulties .
who can say no to that ?
did you go to boston with tom ?
i can 't go to the <unk> without a date .
i think that tom and mary are both going to be busy tomorrow .
i 'm afraid that i don 't have enough money on me at this time .
how many movies to you watch in a month ?
tom 's face is pale .
all i want is a cup of coffee and a piece of <unk> .
i thought the captain ordered you not to do that .
are you sure tom and mary were at school today ?
where 's that sound coming from ?
she said she was pleased .
tom thinks that mary is still in australia .
tom said his stomach still hurt .
sami sent layla a picture of farid .
you shouldn 't believe it , it 's just a <unk> .
can you see anything missing ?
sami doesn 't know what that color is called .
tom definitely has a lot of problems .
tom and mary said they 'd consider doing that .
tom was with me the whole time .
i thought it might be complicated .
there are a lot of <unk> people , so there is a chance tom will be elected .
if they find us here , we 're dead .
tom has to be exhausted .
why can 't we be friends ?
i didn 't understand her .
look , a snake !
how long did tom say he 'd be in boston ?
tom asked me if i liked chocolate .
if i 'm going to do that , i 've got to do it soon .
i don 't like listening to children crying .
tom and mary reached the front door at the same time .
i thought that you would recognize tom .
i 'm not sure what we can do .
i just did it .
tom came by here earlier .
tom dropped his weapon .
tom could never do that as well as you do .
layla and sami lived under the same roof .
i wonder why tom left australia .
mary told me she <unk> tom $ 300 .
it pleased god to take away my son .
just do me a favor and don 't tell tom i was here .
sami was really funny .
we 're a real tight group .
tom and mary live across the street from each other .
mary is getting better , isn 't she ?
tom doesn 't understand .
tom agreed to meet with mary in the lobby .
tom said there were still a lot of things that needed to be done .
tom finished his degree .
mary asked me if she could borrow my umbrella .
did layla do that ?
which train takes me to downtown ?
our neighbors were <unk> to sell their houses .
i traveled around australia on my own .
mary made her decision .
you have the advantage of a good education .
if you do such a foolish thing , people will laugh at you .
he 's shorter than his father .
tom said that mary is heartbroken .
mary thought she had time .
don 't you want to tell tom what happened ?
i have no idea what i 'm supposed to be doing here .
your efforts will one day bear fruit .
tom and mary aren 't sure where john is .
tom is probably not as smart as you think he is .
i 'll phone you as soon as i get to boston .
is it true that tom has a <unk> ?
do you want to have another beer ?
sami and layla were having a good time .
i 've decided to let you come back to work .
it looks like both tom and mary have lost a little weight .
i 've played sports all my life .
even if the <unk> is dead tired , it is still as powerful as a sheep .
you know tom , i think .
i would have never done that that way .
tom is more of a singer than a <unk> .
tom and mary are both careless , aren 't they ?
tom arrived at mary 's house in the middle of the afternoon .
tom jackson doesn 't run this company .
i think there 's a real good possibility of that happening .
nothing else was taken .
both tom and mary know who did that .
my flat has a large living room .
tom and mary are discouraged .
if i 'd known that you were sick , i could have visited you in the hospital .
stop it now .
do you know what i just did ?
tom and mary told me they were <unk> by that .
tom said he wanted to buy an alarm clock .
that sounds urgent .
i had no idea what to do .
i haven 't many brothers .
they said that they 'd pay for everything .
well , there 's no such thing as being too late to correct one 's <unk> .
i didn 't know that you were lonely .
part of the town was destroyed by the <unk> .
i don 't think tom knows the details .
tom doesn 't know how lucky he is .
mary doesn 't love me anymore .
why don 't you go ask them ?
i doubt that tom and mary are still cold .
i want him brought here now .
mary is in australia with her parents .
i don 't like sweet food .
your french is better than mine .
will this amount of money meet your need ?
children run quickly .
what do you say to <unk> out together ?
they said they 'd look at it .
i took tom to a hospital .
stay strong .
tom couldn 't hear what mary said to him .
even though a daughter rarely likes her mother 's lover , a mother always has a certain <unk> for her daughter 's lover .
mary didn 't do that as well as i thought she would .
we don 't want anybody to find out .
i almost agree with him .
if you are not able to hold your attention on one thing for some time , how can you <unk> anything ?
i will live .
i ate all my oranges .
tom is going to pay for what he did .
do you feel better today ?
i 'll give you a lift home .
tom told me that you lied .
the book is too expensive .
the sentence got longer after it was <unk> .
i don 't believe it happened that way .
don 't put the knife in your mouth .
tom said that you stole his car .
tom wasn 't the first one to volunteer to help .
where did tom leave his umbrella ?
i helped tom carry his suitcase .
tom is alone in his bedroom .
tom will play baseball tomorrow .
who makes the decisions in your family ?
tom was thirteen years old when he started studying french .
i should 've let him go fishing .
sami got off the chair .
i 'll give him a piece of advice .
why doesn 't tom like us ?
why did you cancel your trip ?
i think my japanese is really bad .
you shouldn 't speak so ill of him .
i am happy with my girlfriend .
tom doesn 't have a car . he just uses mary 's .
i wish that i could go back to australia .
i told the team i wanted to quit .
what can that mean ?
i intend to stay in australia for three days .
tom hoped he wouldn 't be too late .
they should go to hell !
i 'm still in love with tom .
i 'm not sure tom and mary want to talk to me .
i know tom is afraid that he might hurt mary 's feelings .
they don 't make them like that anymore .
please tell me your real name .
tom seemed to be puzzled .
tomorrow , you are going to paint the fence .
sami returned to the scene of his crime .
yesterday the weather was pretty bad .
that 's a really cool trick !
this will serve as a check on their work .
sami really <unk> the way layla looked at love .
he got exactly what he wanted .
by the end of the year , the number of people who have stayed in <unk> in our city will pass the one million mark .
i know what you need to know .
tom is normal , but mary isn 't .
tom and mary are still expecting john to help them today .
tom told me that i shouldn 't do that .
mary seemed busy when i saw her .
get your ass over here , you idiot !
i 'm the one who asked tom to do that .
tom wanted to see what was inside the house .
i doubt that tom would 've done that for me .
i 've got better things to do than to keep track of what tom 's doing .
tom is now working in boston .
no one invited tom , but he came anyway .
people die if they are killed . that 's the way it should be .
i am sorry if my words hurt you .
i didn 't intend to tell you that .
some people think tom is innocent .
tom isn 't a good father .
tom became nervous .
tom didn 't look like he was busy .
you can invite any person you like .
sami and layla were <unk> in his apartment .
my girlfriend doesn 't want to watch black and white <unk> .
mary hopes she can to stay in boston until next october .
it was very scary .
sami didn 't want to kill anyone .
let 's take a look at that .
they said they 'd like to help .
my socks aren 't here .
i needed to do that .
my father must do the work .
i told tom where to put your suitcase .
i used to speak french fairly well .
i 'm always writing weird and <unk> stuff so i 'm sure it 's difficult to comment on .
please tell him i 'm sorry .
tom and mary are lucky that we helped them .
i 'll be seeing him again .
what else do we have to do ?
do you really like doing that ?
tom and mary told me they didn 't feel like doing that .
send tom upstairs .
tom and mary are going to need to buy a gift for john .
mary said she thought tom might not be permitted to do that by himself .
now that wasn 't too hard , was it ?
i doubt that tom will ever do that again .
we have to try to <unk> with them .
you don 't think i did it , do you ?
the room got hot as soon as i turned on the <unk> .
mary did everything she could to help tom .
why are you talking to us ?
look at the next page .
mary reached into her pocket .
i cannot <unk> the lamp on . the baby is sleeping .
i can 't do it anymore .
i don 't think that tom is interested .
ten people were packed into the small room .
it 'll work next time .
either way , you lose .
would tom really eat this ?
what did you name your son ?
you 're the one who invited tom .
i have to give it back tonight .
tom died during his stay in australia .
he is <unk> to be captain of our team .
you 're not finished here , are you ?
while i was reading in bed last night , i fell asleep with the light on .
i caught sight of a <unk> on my way home .
i don 't think that 's appropriate .
we 're holding back traffic .
what 's tom looking at ?
" say you 're sorry . " " i won 't . "
tell tom that it was a mistake .
he 'll be busy until four .
i ran across an old friend of mine at the party yesterday .
an apple is round in shape .
are you able to get this rare book for me ?
sami gave layla a flower .
if anyone has any questions , i 'll be glad to answer them .
tom took his shirt off .
who do tom and mary think is going to do that ?
i teach english to the second year classes .
he is reluctant to go to the college .
we 've already waited too long .
would a little extra time help ?
think about her .
there is no pleasure without pain .
mary called tom to apologize to him , but he hung up on her .
i think we have everything we need .
they will <unk> the building and replace it with a park .
come visit us again next year .
they know they made the right choice .
seldom do i forget my keys .
i 'd like to keep the car there .
mary thinks that she 's always right .
we want freedom from poverty .
tom is a perfectly normal , perfectly healthy kid .
tom and mary said they thought john would be ready to do that .
tom plays soccer and runs track .
can i stay at your place tonight ?
i haven 't seen him in a long time .
these are the same questions tom might 've asked .
" how about a dinner tomorrow evening ? " " i 'll consider it . "
mary said her back was sore .
when spring <unk> the days will get longer .
the meaning of an average man 's life consists in three things : eating , drinking , and fucking .
tom and i have the same opinion .
tom feels better now that he 's taking medicine .
i never expected to see you again .
let me in or i 'll tell tom .
i don 't think that you want to know the answer .
tom used to earn $ <unk> a month .
they canceled their trip .
i was speaking only german .
tom and mary are really talented , aren 't they ?
she 'll do whatever she can .
tom says he can 't wait to get started .
i would rather read a nice novel than study <unk> .
i need your clothes and your bicycle .
we should do that together sometime .
mary is much older than she looks .
i 've learned a lot of french by watching movies in french .
if you 'd like to continue to improve your swimming , just keep on <unk> every day .
i know what your car looks like .
he said he didn 't feel hot .
i was very <unk> when i was a child .
hey , let me tell you something .
tom and i sang the song together .
tom says he remembers absolutely nothing about that night .
it was alive .
tom asked me if he could do that .
i was raised near boston .
i know that tom is famous .
tom is not a rich man .
we 've been stuck here for three months .
is the person on this ?
i 'm driving to boston on monday .
do you think tom and mary are any good at doing that ?
it wasn 't his to give .
have you ever attended one of tom 's <unk> ?
i don 't have a house anymore .
what 's going on in here ?
let 's go early , shall we ?
what you said made tom smile .
but he believed he had good reasons .
we 'll grow more food .
i suspect that tom won 't believe anything you tell him .
tom took piano lessons .
i have complete faith in my doctor .
do you want to answer my question , yes or no ?
he said that he was really curious .
i think that tom would be upset if i did that .
do you want to do something after work ?
tom is unconscious .
why were tom and mary laughing ?
you told tom something , didn 't you ?
mary has said she has to do that .
sami <unk> layla 's body parts around the city .
i asked tom to help me get out of trouble .
i told you tom and mary were fast .
we looked for it high and low .
is there any chance tom will come ?
tom doesn 't like horror movies .
tom was confused and didn 't know what to say .
tom said he plans to go .
tom and mary are upset with john because he didn 't help them .
" man , what a <unk> , " she thought .
i 've already said i don 't know how one does it .
what about sami ?
if it rains tomorrow , i 'll stay at home .
many people respect you . don 't let them down .
i wasn 't planning to help , but tom was .
tom 's unhappy .
i believe in doing the right thing .
i wrote a book , but it wasn 't very good .
when you 're ready , tell me .
tom didn 't know for certain which road to take .
mary lied when tom asked her how old she was .
sami received life in prison .
what can you afford ?
i 'll tell tom to do that .
it doesn 't matter to tom .
they looked like they were happy .
fake it till you make it .
tom said mary didn 't have a place to stay .
tom should tell mary not to do that again .
she has a lot on her plate .
tom died less than a week after his operation .
is it true that this is not true ?
tom is doing the best he can .
tom made up his mind weeks ago .
i can be there in thirty minutes .
i won 't likely tell tom i have to do that .
i think you ought to listen .
we 've been asked to not do that again .
they say that they definitely won 't win .
she likes to keep to herself .
maybe they 're hungry .
tom told me he thought that mary would be sympathetic .
tom told mary that he thought john was <unk> .
i didn 't really understand where the question came from .
tom has been seriously injured .
how do you know i 'm going out with tom ?
i thought that i 'd prefer going by myself .
do you remember the first time that we went to boston together ?
tom put on his clothes .
they said they 're pleased .
sami lives in a small house .
tom told me that he was jealous .
i don 't think that i can do that any better than you can .
the girl was in her best .
tom never told me why he did that .
he 's a friend of mine named <unk> .
i have no one to blame but myself .
tom knew i was depressed .
to say the least , he seems to be a bad person .
i want to go somewhere else .
tom has just found out that he 's mary 's father .
his mother will not <unk> to his going there alone .
circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment .
we have made up our minds to fight it out .
tom wasn 't supposed to give mary any money .
i had to tell him .
i don 't think i know tom .
how do you want me to handle that ?
the excited crowd poured out of the <unk> .
i thought that you said you wanted to go to boston .
all the time that she was telling me this story she never once looked in my direction .
tom thought mary would likely not win .
she usually does that by herself .
tom would likely try doing this some other way .
i want to thank you for helping us win .
the papers blew off .
in his heart , tom knew he 'd never return .
they 're just being themselves .
can you remember when the first time that you came here was ?
i wanted mary to do that , but she told me she wouldn 't do it .
i knew i came to the right place .
you are the chosen one .
i didn 't want tom to know what had happened .
why didn 't tom do that ?
this rose is very beautiful .
i have to take medicine .
they lay still with their eyes closed .
i wish i hadn 't lied to him . i 'll never be able to look him in the face again .
tom is the lead singer of his band .
tom can 't be much older than mary .
tom will eat just about anything you give him .
i am reading a magazine .
i don 't think that tom enjoys swimming .
they should thank me .
i 'm afraid that tom isn 't here .
tom admitted he was the one who stole mary 's diamond <unk> .
i know tom is a pretty good friend of yours .
my dog is smaller than yours is .
i 'm pretty sure tom 's unhappy here .
tom still hasn 't given me what i asked for .
if you know what needs to be done , go ahead and do it .
mary told tom that she thought john was angry .
would you mind making me a sandwich ?
there 's no milk left .
if i had known that the exam would be so easy , i would have studied much less .
both tom and mary are in shock .
they are proud in <unk> ; proud that they are not proud .
you 're not even my mom .
i will not come .
i wish that i could 've helped you more .
tom thought that mary was too slow .
tom admitted he didn 't cry .
i think that tom will be here on monday .
she only does that when she 's tired .
did you just call me fat ?
before the race , the <unk> have to warm up .
we need a doctor .
i hope things don 't change too much .
we 'll be glad to see you at our wedding .
i suggest that you go to australia with tom .
tom didn 't think mary was here .
all right , let 's settle down .
i don 't know what to order .
women were very aggressive with children .
sami went back home .
i miss her already .
i had an <unk> two weeks in london .
i sent them out of the room .
the sky 's clear today .
tom 's dream came true , so why can 't mine ?
tom said he was going to work .
your father asked me to protect you .
tom and mary said they don 't like to do that .
i don 't think tom knows why mary doesn 't like to swim .
can you watch him tonight ?
you will think it just that i should do so .
tom and mary admitted they didn 't do what they promised they 'd do .
tom said that he thought mary might be required to do that right away .
tom probably doesn 't know he has to do that today .
the high waves covered their boat .
tom and mary both seemed to be busy .
the leaves fall in autumn .
you ask the questions and i 'll answer them .
let 's take a closer look at these numbers .
which comes first , your career or your family ?
i 'll bet tom will know what to do .
are you writing a letter ?
excuse me for being late .
her salary is very high .
i would 've played longer .
he is neither a stock nor a stone .
that 'll give tom plenty of time .
tom must have left the water running .
didn 't you know i was hoping that tom would do that ?
tom and mary said that they weren 't willing to do that .
i 'd approve both things .
i can 't <unk> as fast as he .
we have a nice house .
that 's what she said .
i am swimming in the river .
i want to choose the new kitchen <unk> .
i figured i 'd be safe here .
tom asked him again : " where is my money ? answer me , <unk> ! "
our lives are in grave danger .
mary may go if she wants to .
nobody could find tom .
i watched the birds on the <unk> while drinking my coffee .
i know tom doesn 't know why mary doesn 't like doing that .
there 's a very good chance i 'll be there tomorrow .
i know what i 'd say .
they want me to talk to tom .
i thought that tom would be home on october 20th .
why don 't you invite some friends over ?
we had better do away with such a fixed idea .
i don 't usually do that when i 'm tired .
it 's not clear .
he is too old .
tom doesn 't drive as carefully as i do .
tom might be difficult to get along with .
tom is going to miss doing this .
mary said her house was locked .
i was the one who suggested that tom hire a <unk> .
someone wants to play games .
despite tatoeba 's site name being in japanese , in japan it is not very well known .
sami gave me the phone .
yesterday , the man whose daughter works at your company came by .
mary isn 't as good at french as she thinks she is .
do you think that there 's still a chance that that 'll happen ?
tom said that he wanted to learn how to swear in french .
children need not know every detail of the family <unk> .
i 'm aware of all that .
i took tom 's temperature .
he developed his business .
i 'm surprised to hear that he is in prison .
tom ordered a bottle of wine .
you swore that you loved me .
i suppose you 're busy .
i can 't believe i 'm sitting next to mary .
everyone can 't always be right all the time .
excuse me for a minute .
do you really want to know how tough i am ?
she began to play an old song .
it was tom 's first time to see the golden gate bridge .
did you save money by shopping there ?
is everyone all right ?
tom isn 't the only one that i know in australia .
sami and layla spoke to each other in arabic .
everyone thinks i 'm going mad .
they 'll understand that .
you say you changed schools .
i 've got a message for him .
tom said that he thought he wouldn 't enjoy going skin <unk> with mary .
let yourself be happy .
tom and mary ate something that made them sick .
we 're not on a date .
she suddenly fell silent .
i doubt very seriously that tom will be suspended .
mary said she thought she might need to do that .
i didn 't know that tom needed to do that anymore .
i went there for the purpose of meeting him .
i thought tom and mary weren 't allowed to have <unk> .
do you know if tom has spoken to mary recently ?
tom didn 't tell me why he didn 't do that .
sami is a young manager .
tom has been stealing from us .
tom said that he was hoping you would do that .
i 'm waiting outside .
i didn 't know whether i could do it or not .
they had the whole room to themselves .
weight problem is very sensitive among women .
i know that tom doesn 't know why mary is planning on doing that .
i like sandwiches .
today we are going to study the <unk> of the earth .
tom got interested in art history .
my clothes are there .
it took you long enough .
why do people call him tom ?
tom said that he isn 't very likely to win .
what more could a girl ask for ?
i 'm not going to change my mind .
they admitted that they were troubled .
sami showed layla farid 's messages .
i don 't really want to talk about that .
tom said mary thought that she might need to do that .
i don 't know when tom died .
" what do you , yourself , want ? " " i want meat . "
here 's fadil .
tom doesn 't like watching late night tv shows .
tom said mary was going to do that the day before yesterday , but he didn 't have time .
you knew , didn 't you ?
tom and mary say they aren 't coming back here .
tom is watching you .
his father had asked the question the year he was <unk> .
do you write that with a " <unk> " ?
if i win the <unk> , i 'll be able to live high on the <unk> .
sami knew layla did that .
turn up the <unk> if you feel cold .
tom should 've been able to finish going yesterday .
kate came home by bus .
that 's all you get .
who did tom say hugged mary ?
what 's happened , has happened . it 's history .
are you going to meet tom tonight ?
economy cars save you money .
we just don 't see it often .
i don 't actually have to do that .
tom will never leave australia .
he jumped out of his seat .
sami is a tall handsome man .
i 'm going to bring tom back here .
didn 't you know tom and mary were living on park street ?
none of the girls is a student .
why would tom help me ?
we are in the black this month .
tom is going to be free tomorrow .
now that tom is here , we can start the party .
french isn 't easy for us .
i may go to australia the day after tomorrow .
what else i need from the <unk> point of view ?
<unk> is always the first to come to school .
it isn 't so easy .
i don 't know how to do anything else .
sorry if i didn 't understand something .
my father doesn 't lift a finger at home .
i can 't believe no one was injured .
do you really think we can do that ?
mary never told me who she was working for .
they told me that they needed more money .
stop that immediately .
tom has closed all the windows .
i can see i 've lost you .
tom and mary have never done that .
i didn 't think tom and mary were being careful enough .
i 'm sorry , i dropped my knife .
mary didn 't need to do that , but she did .
let me off at the train station , please .
they can do that if they want .
tom will go in your place .
i assume you wouldn 't want to do that ?
tom and mary didn 't tell me why they were going to boston .
tom and mary just do what they 're told to do .
i don 't think tom and mary are angry .
where did tom get all those keys ?
no one 's hungry .
write about the following topic .
i know that tom doesn 't want me to do that .
it was close to 2 : 30 by the time tom reached mary 's house .
it just happened so fast .
she rushed to the office , and was <unk> right into an examination room .
he isn 't my type .
mary was pleased to see tom .
i don 't have anyone to <unk> at .
i looked at her and saw <unk> in her eyes .
tom wiped his hands on his jeans .
i know that i might not need to do that anymore .
tom wished he could speak more than one language .
i didn 't read the whole thing .
it 's a risk we can 't afford to take .
this store isn 't very big .
this door 's locked .
maybe we 'll recognize it .
fadil was brought into the police station and <unk> .
i had suspected as much .
being only a student , i can 't afford to get married .
tom said he couldn 't do what we asked him to do .
you think i could have done that , don 't you ?
this soup doesn 't taste very good .
i suppose tom told you what time he plans to arrive .
if you don 't hurry up , you 'll never get to the village .
didn 't you know tom 's salary is more than double what mary makes ?
tom and mary are going to have to leave soon .
i have the <unk> and a sore throat .
he is the teacher that caught us <unk> .
come on , we will give it a go .
we might visit boston on our next trip .
tom isn 't as ugly as he used to be .
the old rules don 't apply .
i don 't think that i 've ever seen anything so beautiful .
we still have to tell tom .
i want to go to the zoo with tom .
tom handed in his paper .
i think that you shouldn 't gone there with tom .
tom asked mary why she thought that wasn 't a good idea .
<unk> an opinion about every single little <unk> ( political or otherwise ) is a waste of time .
they wished that they had more friends .
i don 't know how i 've offended you .
sami and layla met on a cairo <unk> .
tom doesn 't doubt his own ability to do that .
tom was the one who won .
tom entered the room first .
you 've made quite an impression on her .
by the time tom got there , the concert had already begun .
i 'm surprised tom and mary were even here .
there are a lot of people in the park .
the castle is surrounded by a beautiful garden .
tom was <unk> happy after he heard the news .
do you know what tom is going to do now ?
tom 's <unk> phone fell out of his pocket into the pool when he <unk> over to check the water level .
we 're dancing .
we 'll do that .
she was found dead in her garage .
tom said he 's alone .
tom said that he had plenty of friends in boston .
tom is really different .
i don 't know for sure what tom is going to do .
is that what you were looking for ?
tom asked mary to tell john what she needed to do .
i want to get close to the action .
which game did you choose ?
that 's perfectly normal .
can we get some help over here ?
tom didn 't even notice mary had left .
you should 've asked tom first .
sami had to kill layla .
tom and i aren 't friends .
tom is never in a hurry , is he ?
no one knew you were in australia .
<unk> of the earth 's surface is covered with water .
tom and mary said they thought john would forget to do that .
i 've had enough .
is there any chance you 'll go to australia next month ?
it was very cool .
this is not going to fly with tom .
the file must be ready for tomorrow .
tom would 've liked it .
tom and mary wanted john to understand why they couldn 't stay .
do you have any idea what time it is ?
i bought half a bottle of wine .
tom got here before noon .
tom wants to become famous .
tom knows a lot about that .
he is the very image of his father .
he is the image of his father .
i 've been shopping with tom .
we only won one game .
that 'll be fine .
i think tom can help mary do that tomorrow .
i don 't think tom was expecting you to do that for mary .
tom told me that he 's pessimistic .
both tom and mary work at night .
i care about what happens .
tom has asked us to help him .
you <unk> a hole in my coat with your cigarette .
how 's tom doing ?
i 'm not ever going to do that again .
it 'll be hard to convince tom to sell his house .
he excused himself for his bad behavior .
i can 't tell you what to do .
tom didn 't know that mary had been sick .
sami was seen on <unk> around the world .
what exactly is the problem ?
where is it said about in the <unk> ?
why don 't people believe me ?
where were you this morning ?
tom claims that you stole them .
his car was blue . her car was red .
this may not sound serious .
i 'm washing my hands of the <unk> .
somebody wanted to scare you .
tom put on a silly party hat .
he has no religious mind .
tom and mary said they 'd rather do that themselves .
mary went to visit tom even though i told her not to .
he has no other boys to play with .
tom works in a department store .
tom and i are working tonight .
tom won 't do that for you .
the tower fell into ruin .
you don 't need millions to be happy .
mary said she can 't sing as well as tom .
there 's a chance it 'll snow tomorrow .
i think that tom is the only one with a key .
i 'm not even interested in doing that kind of thing .
it 's not far from the hotel .
can you do it in thirty minutes ?
sami was walking down the main road .
tom wanted to impress his girlfriend .
are you going to stay here with us ?
tom told everyone to calm down .
stand back , please .
explain it to us .
everyone has something to hide .
what were you doing at <unk> o 'clock last night ?
this is a <unk> flight bound for tokyo .
here we see <unk> of an old truth : war is never useful .
mary is a <unk> , isn 't she ?
what did you expect me to do ?
i don 't know the reason why she isn 't coming .
how did you know that i used to teach french in australia ?
i know that tom doesn 't know why we needed to do that by ourselves .
i can 't make that call .
give me some advice .
tom left his suitcase in the <unk> of his car .
i can 't believe tom gave up so quickly .
i 'm sure tom doesn 't want to be punished .
why would they think that ?
spring is a good time to clean up in the garden .
you 'd better not do that again .
tom doesn 't care what happens tomorrow .
happy the man who can pay his own way .
sami 's dream was to become a medical professional .
tom is quite cooperative .
it is easy to make friends even in the new places .
i don 't even like him .
didn 't he tell you anything else ?
the angry young man is now public enemy number one .
i am not a special person .
i have never added sentences to tatoeba .
sami knew exactly where to get cash .
tom sat <unk> on the floor in front of the tv .
mary named her first child tom .
tom said that he 's supposed to do that tomorrow .
tom wasn 't able to do that today .
i know that tom knows mary has never done that before .
i never actually studied french .
take tom with you .
are you saying that tom is a bad teacher ?
my knowledge of german is poor .
have you made your bed ?
he wasn 't sleeping .
tom bought a new pair of <unk> yesterday .
except for tom , i don 't know anybody there .
tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he wanted to buy .
is the meeting today or tomorrow ?
mary said that she wouldn 't be there .
make certain where he is now .
tom said mary isn 't sure whether john can do that .
tom and mary can come , too , if they want to .
i managed to get out of the crowd .
it 's great that you were able to achieve your goals .
just don 't tell him i sent you .
he said that he was really unhappy .
i need to do that sometime today .
they say they 've been asked to help .
he loves cars , while his brother hates them .
this kind of offer is not refused .
a thinking person doesn 't give the same answer to the same question throughout his whole life .
she looked up at the ceiling .
could tom really have said such horrible things ?
tom says he 's not planning to do that anymore .
at times of crisis , people put all their <unk> aside .
tom knew that mary kept a key under the <unk> .
tom went back to his car .
sami left and went to his mother 's house .
it was an accident that was waiting to happen .
i was hidden .
tom wrote mary 's name in his little black book .
did we have any english homework that needs to be done by tomorrow ?
tom had to catch a taxi .
tom is the only friend mary has in boston .
he will come with his wife , as is often the case with <unk> .
the food becomes cold .
i have better things to do .
sami needs to get some work done .
is she coming here to relax ?
you have plenty of time to catch the train .
i thought i was done for .
you know that i hate that .
tom must be irritated .
he laid a <unk> bottle on his back .
" it 's all over . " " but only for the moment . "
you should 've said no .
sami does youtube as a hobby .
i think that , and then i forget .
tom is the head <unk> at a restaurant in boston .
i haven 't touched a piano in many years .
tom said that mary shouldn 't tell john why she did that .
tom had trouble sleeping .
it was so cold my ears hurt .
i don 't think you really understand .
tom said he shouldn 't have done that by himself .
that was three years ago .
i should have done it already .
i didn 't know i didn 't have to do that today .
you don 't need to <unk> a dictionary to have good knowledge of a language .
let 's eat the ice cream now before it <unk> .
tom had trouble sleeping because of the pain .
i am not afraid of telling the truth .
we 're moving .
the school is on top of the hill .
right now , that 's the least of our problems .
have you made any plans ?
mary is proud of her work .
i 'd stop smoking if i were you .
there 's something sort of familiar about you .
mary felt like she could do it .
pass me the salt , please .
i 'm fairly certain that we can do that .
tom didn 't want to be famous .
did tom show you how to do that ?
tom is hardly fit to run a company .
tom admitted that he did what he wasn 't supposed to do .
how much money did your group raise ?
i think tom doesn 't speak french very well , but i could be wrong .
sami remembers all of those feelings .
i wonder if tom and mary are still <unk> .
you may <unk> all night , but return to your grave before dawn !
i should 've told tom to do that .
mary paid attention to her teacher .
i wish i hadn 't told tom to do that .
aren 't you afraid ?
tom was five years old when i talked with him last time .
tom isn 't very likely to be busy .
that isn 't what tom and i are afraid of .
tom isn 't always wrong .
we are gray .
tonight was tough .
mary asked me if she could go home early today .
little remains to be said .
they told me that they were retired .
the number of <unk> stars is very great .
the crowd is still screaming .
tom and mary both are in australia .
tom apologized to us for having done that .
remember that you always bear my trust .
tom could have asked me first .
the cause of death was a heart attack .
she said she 'd complain .
we 're excited about the challenge .
do you understand what i 'm telling you ?
tom said that mary didn 't think doing that would be easy .
only we know this secret .
tom slowly walked up the stairs .
tom and mary are waiting for you to say something .
tom just ate .
everything must be state of the art .
someone called on her yesterday .
no one will help us .
if you <unk> yourself , they won 't be able to tell .
tom hates his life .
tom usually watches the news while eating dinner .
tom jumped out of the boat .
i think you 'll enjoy this book .
<unk> <unk> is dead gone on you . he told his mother his mother , mind you that you were the <unk> girl in school . that 's better than being good looking .
it was raining yesterday afternoon .
i didn 't think you 'd be able to convince tom to stop doing that .
tom said that he didn 't really plan on buying anything .
fadil was hiding and terrified .
the topic of a text isn 't always in the first line .
please get there as soon as you can .
she promised she 'd check on it .
we 'll die sooner or later .
it 's all or nothing with tom .
a boy in a <unk> , pretending to be <unk> , jumped off a building last night .
i need to be ready when tom and mary arrive .
i don 't think that it 's a problem anymore .
tom and mary say they were just following orders .
he wiped the sweat off his face .
i think that tom will likely give you permission to do that .
i liked all of that .
tom said that mary was likely to still be upset .
everyone is watching now .
he 's a pretty good cook himself .
i thought that tom would never get here .
it was just a joke . <unk> up !
tom and mary both should have left early .
i 'm still mad at her .
it all started the day i was born .
may i have another book in place of this one ?
they continued walking .
i have never been inside this classroom .
it was nice of you to help tom do what needed to be done .
russia is a huge country .
i can 't work like this .
sometimes that just happens .
tom is sick , so we can 't do that today .
i knew every one of those guys .
i 'm worried about tom , too .
tom hasn 't eaten yet .
i think i know what this means .
the new one 's twice as big as the old one .
i 'll tell you everything about it .
has anyone told tom he 'll have to do that tomorrow ?
i pretended i didn 't know what was happening .
tom and mary were walking too fast for us catch up with them .
sami isn 't wasting money on fast food .
tom knew mary wouldn 't want to go there by herself .
tom said that he wanted to play .
he hurried past me without <unk> to speak .
tom likes australia better than any other place he 's lived .
tom walked mary to her apartment .
how naive i was to think that .
does this look good on me ?
tom said that he thought he 'd be able to fix mary 's car .
why didn 't you call me yesterday evening ?
you 're a <unk> husband . i hate you .
nobody answered me .
i don 't think i care for your <unk> .
can anyone really replace tom ?
how do you know that tom and mary were the ones who did that ?
this is the best camera in the store .
where 's the proof of that ?
i want to <unk> my stay here for a few more days .
there might be doctors there .
tom is sitting alone in the waiting room .
although my strength has started to give out , i do not want to show my <unk> to people .
can you keep your mouth shut ?
i didn 't get paid .
mary says she doesn 't think tom can swim .
we hope you do that soon .
let me borrow that .
we should be worried .
a stranger tried to break into tom 's house .
nobody believes in him .
we 're not waiting any longer .
mary picked up the coffee pot and poured herself a cup .
i 'm very , very , very concerned .
the baby was sound asleep .
how many boys are in this class ?
i got the key from under the <unk> and opened the door .
this is so good .
i thought it would be better if we waited to do that until tomorrow .
is tom likely to want to go to australia with you ?
they can 't tie their own shoes .
the time to do that is now .
i don 't have enough time , hurry up !
i know that tom and mary are <unk> .
is this tom ?
i took him a cup of coffee .
tom and mary couldn 't come because they 're sick .
i don 't think that i need to do that today .
what do you think for i am thinking what ?
present your argument .
did tom promise to do that ?
they wouldn 't come out of their rooms .
love is making you blind .
i got tom to do that for us .
i was <unk> of the students who had studied abroad .
they looked as if they were sick .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't wait for us .
do you know when he 'll get back ?
this cheese is made from cow 's milk .
sami will meet you right over there .
tom didn 't have to study .
would you mind waiting a minute ?
we could wait .
tom sure goes to boston a lot .
tom knew he shouldn 't tell mary , but he did .
i try to apply colors like words that shape <unk> , like notes that shape music .
mary thinks i love her .
i didn 't think that tom would mind showing you how to do that .
generally , there are many people who visit this area .
i 'm going to do that the way tom said i should .
we both love each other .
i knew tom wasn 't ready to leave .
we don 't have any water left .
tom and mary told me that they don 't think it 's necessary to do that .
tell me where you want to go tonight .
i know tom knew who was going to do that for him .
i didn 't tell tom and mary that i didn 't like them .
my dad didn 't eat .
tom seemed totally confused .
tom and mary know they have to be patient .
i wish that i hadn 't said that .
tom gave mary a ride back to town .
she will leave for new york next sunday .
everyone in the room was <unk> by what happened .
i didn 't think that tom was going to be here .
the policeman didn 't <unk> your car away .
you 're not alone anymore , are you ?
which two do you like the best ?
i don 't often have a chance to speak french with a native speaker .
tom is sure mary will win .
if you want to succeed in life , work hard .
i 'll let tom know that we can 't come .
tom and mary promised you that , didn 't they ?
i want this to be yours .
i thought you might be in australia now .
according to this magazine , my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring .
tom had his picture taken by mary .
i 'm not ugly .
sami has known layla since they were <unk> .
tom wants to stop mary .
i think what you did was a mistake .
he may not come .
i 've got work to do right now .
you 're the only one i trust .
i don 't pack your suitcases .
she made up her mind to stay with us for a while .
why do you want to go out with me ?
time is when stuff happens .
tom said he 's going to do that .
where did tom go for spring break ?
i 'm the owner of this restaurant .
i 'd rather not go skiing with tom .
singing is her strong point .
he was <unk> when he was a boy .
tom and mary both left the room at the same time .
animals are our friends .
most of my teachers did not like me .
i really need to hit somebody .
fadil showed up the next morning .
i wish i 'd showed tom how to do that .
where is the bus schedule ?
mary is ready to go now , isn 't she ?
you never could keep a secret .
tom gets upset easily .
mary left as soon as she could .
tom and mary were sitting when we came in .
you 're going the wrong way , aren 't you ?
tom and mary are both ready .
i 've been to paris twice .
it 's a very becoming dress .
mary is going to harvard , isn 't she ?
tom broke his arm , not his leg .
i want to spend the whole weekend in boston .
tom doesn 't have to do that for mary .
tom told mary that he won the race , even though he didn 't .
tom asked me to call him .
tom is taller than you , isn 't he ?
some day i want to go to new york .
what makes you think that tom is planning on <unk> ?
i want a word with you in my office .
tom and mary could 've been frightened , but they didn 't seem to be .
the good news is that tom is ok .
tom and mary are great together .
" whose keys are these ? " " they are mary 's . "
mary said her schedule has changed .
sami wasn 't that old .
watch out !
tom and mary will do that if they have to .
don 't go too far ahead of me .
that 's all i was thinking .
they carried out the project .
we 're all gonna have dinner in one of the best <unk> in cairo .
this sweater costs more than fifty dollars .
tom said that mary wasn 't in boston .
it looks very nice .
i didn 't know that you were planning on doing that by yourselves .
i can 't blame them .
please don 't open the train doors until the train has stopped .
you sure do eat a lot of meat .
tom wanted me to visit mary .
the students hold their teacher in high <unk> .
we have a kid .
that incident happened when tom was thirteen .
at least i haven 't lost anything today .
tom has no imagination .
he won 't do .
my daughter has been <unk> her baby for over six months .
there 's a <unk> chance i won 't be able to make it to the meeting .
why come to me now ?
sami was still making pretty good money .
it seems that everybody 's having fun .
tom will be here only a few days .
i think we can do that next year .
i 'll be back tonight .
i 'm sure tom wouldn 't mind if we stayed here .
everything happened by accident .
tom is almost as rich as mary is .
i am afraid i must be going now .
how long will you be in tokyo for ?
tom is younger than we are .
you can 't rely on his help .
john , you 're working too hard . sit down and take it easy for a while .
you went out to eat , didn 't you ?
so i get no <unk> in this classroom .
i thought you knew tom didn 't like mary .
i don 't really feel like doing that .
i had many friends when i was living in boston .
we have to consider the possibility that tom and mary were involved in the <unk> .
that stay at sea gave him new energy .
remind me to tell tom to call mary .
sami had a pet dog .
there is a problem with my computer !
tom looked like he was ready to jump out a window .
tom says he has to attend a meeting this afternoon .
she is , if anything , a little better today .
no man ever steps in the same river twice , for it 's not the same river and he 's not the same man .
i just decided to do it .
thanks for nothing , tom .
she promised me she 'd come back .
tom spent some time in australia .
do you like the jacket tom is wearing ?
i 've heard of tom 's marriage to a rich woman .
you must go and see if mary is ok .
we 've only got three weeks left .
tom said something to mary that i couldn 't hear .
tom and i sometimes work together .
tom said mary was well .
tom asked mary many questions about life in boston .
i know that tom doesn 't know why mary couldn 't do that .
tom said he feels sick .
can you see the picture ?
i don 't think that tom would be interested .
i thought you 'd be thrilled .
i wondered if tom had to do that by himself .
tom is trying to save his own skin .
she called me up very late last night .
tom says that mary didn 't cry .
at what time did you wake up ?
they trust you .
english is by far the most <unk> language in the world .
tom and mary said they thought john looked discouraged .
i don 't think that i 'll dance with tom .
mary doesn 't have any children , does she ?
life 's not like that at all . it 's completely different .
they thought they could do that for me .
tom had trouble making friends .
tom knows latin very well . you can rely on his <unk> .
tom said he thought he was too old to do that .
linda does not dance much now , but i know she used to a lot .
tom was unable to answer mary 's question .
the train was <unk> by a piece of iron on the track .
it 's a good thing tom didn 't do that .
rules are all or nothing .
tom has been asking me the same thing .
" could you move over a little ? " " oh , sorry . i didn 't realize i was taking up so much space . "
is this a natural number ?
tom said that he had an interesting conversation with mary .
when will breakfast be ready ?
she 's crazy .
light is as necessary as water for plants .
tom put his <unk> down and picked up his cup .
pay attention to everything tom and mary say .
i was working yesterday , but tom wasn 't .
why 's everyone staring at me ?
you don 't look pleased to see me .
i didn 't know tom had never been to boston before .
i found out tom has a criminal record .
tom and mary said they 're not sure whether john needs to do that .
how many ways do you know to do that ?
tom told me he 's never been to a funeral .
tom stayed home all day yesterday .
tom is usually a lot <unk> than i am .
i wonder what 's on her mind .
is this the dictionary which you are looking for ?
tom says he 's sorry that he caused you trouble .
tom wanted to catch some fish to eat .
sami got in the car and took off .
tom is probably going to say no .
you forgot to thank tom for the present , didn 't you ?
my body isn 't as <unk> as it used to be .
i hear a noise <unk> to the ear .
what do you think tom 's <unk> size is ?
do you know where the entrance to the park is ?
there is a short program of local news on the radio .
i was not aware of his absence from the meeting .
tom and mary haven 't told me why they did that yet .
tom told me that he felt hot .
tom is in town for the weekend .
tom sat alone on the couch .
tom and mary are both doing what we asked , aren 't they ?
i 'm glad that your team won the game .
sami still thinks he 's smarter than anybody else .
there was no one in the mine when it blew up .
tom said he 'd think about it .
i 've found tom a french teacher .
sami felt so angry .
that incident drew his interest .
we 're going to do our best .
tom didn 't seem to know a lot about australia .
the cat got your tongue ?
the horse kicked at him when he <unk> it .
he ate up the <unk> and ordered another .
tom was extremely helpful .
tom is too weak to look after himself .
when was the last time you made your wife happy ?
maybe it was her .
i don 't want to worry tom .
tom says he won 't answer any questions .
she told me about it .
tom has to do what he thinks is right .
my brother 's in australia now .
my best friend is currently in rome .
from what i 've heard , i think tom is going to get fired .
mary had a confused look on her face .
i like <unk> . i eat it as often as i can .
we have neighbors all around us .
tom claimed to love mary , but in reality , he was only in love with love .
did tom not know how to do that ?
they broke the car 's window and took the bag .
" would you marry me ? " " of course ! "
tom and mary said john was their friend .
the patient is lying in bed .
please get in touch with me when you come to tokyo .
sami and layla went to the office together .
if you have the time , come along with me .
sami saw the gun .
half of the apples that tom gave me were <unk> .
you 're tired , aren 't you ?
tom wasn 't friendly , but mary was .
tom isn 't in boston now .
how much longer do you think it 'll be until tom gets here ?
tom has to get back home .
he needs to leave .
" people who can not play together will not work together long , " said <unk> <unk> .
he should take his medication .
i don 't think that i have any choice but to do that .
my mom gets out of bed before me .
i know where to look for tom .
tom and mary were hoping you could do that for them .
they got him .
where were you writing ?
tom doesn 't do that as well as mary does .
it looks like i 'm the only one who needs to do that .
i don 't think that tom has time to talk to you today .
sami came the next morning .
tom and mary have been told that they 're required to do that .
tom thought that he was a cat .
i want to get smarter .
his account of the accident <unk> with yours .
tom is going to arrive in boston tomorrow afternoon .
i 'm being followed .
some people are pretty scared .
she said she feels great .
take everything . just don 't shoot .
mary put a note in tom 's <unk> to tell him how much she loves him .
tom was arrested by a <unk> police officer .
what 'll i tell them ?
she hasn 't paid her rent yet .
i 'm a bit short of money now .
you 'd better not plan on it .
we would like to go very much .
tom probably just didn 't know what to do .
tom doesn 't seem to be aware of the problems .
tom didn 't tell anyone that he was thinking about doing that .
tom wanted mary to show you how to do that .
tom said that isn 't the real reason mary wants to do that .
it 'll be difficult to do that now .
that river is wide .
mary was wearing her favorite dress yesterday .
tom isn 't the one who borrowed my car .
i keep the cleaning products under the <unk> .
tom is good at swimming , but mary isn 't .
he gave away all his old furniture .
mary told me she thought tom couldn 't do that .
i 've got some rather serious news .
if you <unk> your <unk> closet , you get rid of lots of things that you don t need .
i hope tom and mary don 't go to boston next weekend .
sami really doesn 't need to worry .
i expect tom to leave early today .
sami started calling for his dog .
tom said he thought he couldn 't win .
tom wasn 't so busy today .
they compared it with the old car .
i would have given tom some money if i 'd had any to give .
sami knows exactly how layla feels .
i 've promised tom i wouldn 't do that again .
seeing tom with another woman made mary jealous .
sami has an issue with you .
can you still help me fix that ?
the sick boy is growing stronger each day .
i heard a couple girls talking about tom .
i think that tom is going to try to kill mary .
both of tom 's parents are from australia .
tom doesn 't yet know mary did that .
sami wanted to be cool with layla .
he 's going to find out sooner or later .
tom said he thought he might be the only one who needs to do that .
that article is out of stock .
you have to keep up .
ken stopped talking and began to eat .
i had a bad cold last month .
are you really trying to lose weight ?
tom was completely <unk> when he heard that mary had been killed .
i know that you lied .
we laughed at her .
i must ride a bicycle .
she 's a fan of sex and the city .
there is milk in the fridge .
sami didn 't <unk> either of the girls .
are your bags in the car ?
i know tom isn 't the one who 's supposed to tell mary that she needs to do that .
there is no security on this earth ; there is only opportunity .
it looks like you 're in a good mood .
as i entered the <unk> i found two young men watching a <unk> match on television .
mary says she comes here every year .
maybe we can make a deal .
she kissed her cat .
i don 't know if that 's what got tom into trouble or not .
let 's wait and see and drink some tea .
you don 't seem to be as confused as i am .
i read a lot of books in french .
i hope tom and mary come over to my place today .
i need to finish this work before it gets dark .
how do you know you 're not <unk> me for someone else ?
ask tom where he is .
when two people are forced into a marriage of <unk> , they will be an unhappy , <unk> couple until the very end .
tom took off on his bike .
tom told me that he had not gone shopping with mary .
tom has been sitting on the porch all afternoon .
tom is the guy talking to mary .
i thought tom and mary weren 't afraid .
what 's tom trying to prove ?
was it you who told tom not to do that ?
it was very likely just a mistake .
mary needs to take better care of herself .
i didn 't know tom knew why mary didn 't want to do that .
the prices have been very high lately .
tom and mary weren 't invited to john 's party .
that 's not unusual .
i know that tom knew that i was the one who had to do that .
tom didn 't get here on time .
he is going to stay at a friend 's house .
someday i 'll buy a <unk> candy machine .
it 's easy to get lost .
do you want to go on a diet with me ?
the criminal tried to make tom 's death look like an accident .
i think i 'm on the wrong bus .
tom is wearing the same tie today that he wore yesterday .
mary was too shy to admit her feelings for tom .
tom told me that he hoped mary would be the first one to do that .
tom said that he had no idea where mary was .
i 've been here my whole life .
we 'll settle on that .
i know tom isn 't a history teacher . i think that he 's a science teacher .
i know tom won 't be doing that today .
tom is going to be punished for what he did .
tom offered to watch the kids .
we 're thinking of <unk> on another bedroom to the house .
i eat and i get fat .
how can i get a hold of him ?
tom shouldn 't have written his <unk> on the inside cover of his notebook .
excuse me one moment .
everyone was so hungry .
i 'm well off .
when did you decide that doing that would be a bad idea ?
this may be our only chance .
tom said that mary needed to do that soon .
this is ok .
can i ask a quick question ?
won 't you miss your parents ?
layla wasn 't like all the other girls .
that 's not the first time that you 've told me that .
layla wasn 't supposed to be the one to say " i love you " first .
tom wondered where mary had spent the weekend .
the <unk> will not just take your land . they will also take you as a <unk> , then , when you die , they 're going to store your <unk> in a museum and describe you as a <unk> in their history books . they are also going to make a couple of movies to show how ugly you were and how brave their <unk> were .
mary forgot to tell me where to meet her .
it was not an accident .
did you notice her new dress ?
sami wanted to go back to his house .
tom worked in a bank from <unk> to 2013 .
tom thinks that it 'll be fine .
i hope tom and mary are interested .
i don 't care for green tea .
you said tom would let me win .
your dog bit my hand .
did you hear that a <unk> broke into the neighbor 's house ?
tom could 've been offended .
she can 't fix everything by herself .
tom and mary think that they 're being reasonable .
i have no idea what either one of you is saying .
both of my parents are teachers .
tom is worried about mary .
tom and mary say they won 't have to do that anymore .
there was a general drop in prices .
it 's in your pocket .
i should 've known something was wrong when tom and mary weren 't here by 2 : 30 .
you can buy anything you want .
tom doesn 't know what he 'll do yet .
he said he felt tired .
it will be a long time before i can buy a house .
i don 't know what tom is doing in boston .
i 'm still sick .
tom 's basement is filled with stuff that he hasn 't used in years and will probably never use again .
i know that you have homework to do .
our best efforts weren 't of much help .
they have something they want to say .
tom said that wasn 't the main reason why mary had to do that .
i don 't think tom and mary are handsome .
i 'm going to try to find a way to do that .
i know that tom wouldn 't want to stop doing that .
tom asked mary what she wanted him to say .
i thought it was very good .
is there a hat shop nearby ?
i wish that my parents hadn 't told me that i was an accident .
he said that he might not do that .
i think tom and mary are back from boston .
the two women know each other .
the coach told me i needed to practice harder .
i 've already tried that .
my husband has two older brothers . ( that 's right , i 'm a <unk> 's wife )
the boys just want to have fun .
i know tom doesn 't know mary shouldn 't be doing that .
i tried to imagine life on the moon .
the person in question is now staying in america .
i used to drink a lot .
i didn 't get anywhere with him .
i think we 've eaten enough .
mary said she wished she were here with us .
tom and mary said they 're unlucky .
did somebody mention my name ?
would it be all right if i did that ?
such books as this are of no use to us .
there 's a little pond in the garden .
i have to find her now .
no one is that lucky .
sami left something at layla 's house .
he is a man you can rely upon .
tom slipped on the ice and hurt his leg .
i put three <unk> of sugar in your tea .
this novel is interesting for its village language .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was lost .
tom doesn 't know why i did that .
tom and mary say they saw john eating sandwiches in the park .
i 've always wanted children .
let 's start again .
this is where tom and mary stayed on their <unk> .
i was very sad when mary died .
what you just said doesn 't make any sense .
i take berber classes every friday .
mary had enough money to buy what she wanted to buy .
my father amused us by <unk> sentences in italian and then asking us to translate them .
you should 've at least told tom and mary they didn 't need to do that anymore .
we see this all the time .
that happens in life .
tom told me that he thought mary was <unk> .
tom said it should have been easy to do that .
i followed what you told me word for word .
she makes up in public .
i sat down on a bench next to tom .
i may know them .
i didn 't disagree .
she was kind enough to show me the way .
what should i do about him ?
i knew that tom did that all the time .
i would also like to know what tom thinks of this .
this town 's way of thinking is <unk> .
i knew i didn 't have enough time to do what had to be done .
tom was tired , so he went to bed earlier .
tom said that he thought mary was interested in basketball .
you must make up for lost time .
sami didn 't find layla interesting .
who cares what happens to him ?
i shook my head and said no .
tom and i are planning on getting a divorce .
i am singing with my children .
tom told me you used to live in australia .
what do they want with tom ?
tom and mary told john that they were skeptical .
the child is not crying anymore .
my sister has many friends .
even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure .
you 're doing great .
he said that he felt comfortable .
can you see the difference ?
they said they liked teaching french .
along with this increase , there has been a change in the world 's economic <unk> .
tom is about three years younger than mary .
she will start her new job on monday .
the water was found in the dead man 's <unk> .
i 'm going to be here all day .
mary changed the color of her hair .
mary is waiting inside , isn 't she ?
this is your one chance .
ken seems to be a friendly person .
tom suspected mary was involved .
tom sang mary 's favorite song for her .
are you sure this is where tom and mary were ?
sami 's son was in there , quietly watching a movie .
i didn 't know that tom was the one who was supposed to do that .
tom told me he wanted me to buy a painting for him .
tom should 've been willing to do that .
for next class , i want you guys to <unk> the <unk> from any singer as long as it 's in english .
tom and mary are going through a rather <unk> divorce at the moment .
i need to get this watch fixed .
i don 't want to do this , but i have no choice .
tom warned me not to speak french .
let 's receive him with a happy smile .
i can 't quit thinking about you .
i 'd like to buy it , but i can 't afford the <unk> .
i 'll try and contact him now .
please call me and set up a date sometime .
tom and mary found the picture they were looking for .
sit on the plane .
don 't you think tom and mary could 've done that by themselves ?
mary wore a dark brown dress .
tom doesn 't know why mary isn 't here .
where did tom see you ?
i didn 't notice him go out .
my uncle died there .
don 't make me sing .
i 'll be playing tennis with tom tomorrow .
tom said that mary was likely to still be hesitant to do that .
he <unk> himself that he is something of a poet .
if tom <unk> by , please give him this document .
tom just left a few minutes ago .
she said she wasn 't planning to go .
tom adopted mary 's idea .
tom plays the piano by ear .
both tom and mary now live in boston .
there 's a message from tom .
layla made the right choice .
man is free at the <unk> he wants to be .
tom <unk> three apple trees in his yard .
tom ate the <unk> that mary gave him .
this was not funny .
why is tom hiding ?
tom is trying to get mary 's attention .
tom has to be hot .
an old man was at the gate <unk> the tickets .
an honest man would not do such a thing .
i can <unk> you that isn 't going to happen .
the <unk> on my cell phone is running low .
we think this will work well .
tom and mary want our help .
never keep a lady waiting .
some people don 't believe in love . they just believe in <unk> .
do you care what other people think about us ?
you 've done well for yourselves .
it was easier to do that than i thought it would be .
he got in his car .
i hope tom will like what you made for him .
sami needed a job .
in the future , be more careful with your money .
tom is someone who never causes problems .
neither tom nor mary talked to me about that .
tom is going with me tomorrow .
what 's another word for ' <unk> ' ?
may i eat ?
will you see tom again ?
thank you , captain obvious .
do i have to sign something ?
sami knew layla and farid .
they know they have a problem .
tom should 've been fired last october .
she was asked to write her name in <unk> .
go ahead , see if i care .
i can 't trust you yet .
even though i don 't want to do that , i have to .
i gave him back his ring .
tom needed somewhere safe to hide out .
you 're in trouble .
sami <unk> the new year at a bar .
i can 't figure out what she really wants .
i was breaking my heart when i was watching it .
italian americans are famous for not being able to speak italian . it 's really a shame !
this one belongs to you .
why don 't you let tom know you want to do that ?
things are more like they are now than they ever were before .
and that 's it !
mary was too scared to walk home by herself .
they laid all their cards on the table .
tom said that mary didn 't look frightened .
you have no idea where tom and mary work , do you ?
sami wanted a son to <unk> his name and fortune .
how about i buy you a drink ?
i can 't make you happy .
the boy has already gone to bed .
do you know all of tom 's children 's names ?
did you invite tom to the party ?
i was hoping this wouldn 't happen again .
tom said he thought mary would be nervous doing that .
keep it in a cool place .
i guess that 's not true .
a guy entered a bar , but he got hit by a bar with a chocolate bar on it .
tom says he can 't wear a pink shirt to work .
i wanted to say that i was sorry .
sami worked for a bank .
tom has lost his watch .
what kinds of things would make you consider getting a divorce ?
tom saw mary dancing with john .
do we really need her ?
he isn 't in his office .
it 's very unlikely that a serious art <unk> would ever buy anything from that source .
i think that both tom and mary were born in australia .
tom thought he might be permitted to do that by himself .
tom and mary let us know they couldn 't do that .
everybody wants to do that .
this tree bears a lot of fruit .
sami left the neighborhood .
tom has already said that he 'll help us .
i don 't sit next to tom in science class anymore .
under these circumstances , i can 't accept the offer .
we should 've known tom would be late .
where should we go down ?
tom wasn 't the one who made mary do that .
we hope to break new ground .
i told them to be careful .
i 'm not rich enough .
sitting in sun is good for you .
it doesn 't seem very fair .
tom said it wasn 't him who told mary to do that .
tom can 't work tonight .
sick people tend to be pessimistic .
tom is a fast speaker .
how tall is she ?
he ate a piece of the pie .
hey , what do i know ?
if tom and mary don 't want to help , they don 't have to .
tom is going to say yes .
you haven 't forgotten about the meeting , have you ?
tom should 've been at the meeting .
sami doesn 't need you paying for his food .
i 'm going to do that next spring .
tom doesn 't need to be told that .
how long has tom been waiting ?
i can 't tell my parents anything .
i thought that you wouldn 't be able to do that .
tom said that he thought that i had to do that .
as i looked upon the little gate in the <unk> wall , i felt that beyond it lay a <unk> from which , once it was entered , there would be no return .
mary didn 't seem to know what she should do .
i think the best way to learn english is to live in america .
tom could be tempted to do that , i think .
i closed it .
i 'll make some tea .
i don 't know who 's going to be there .
i 'm not good at keeping secrets .
fadil was also engaged to another woman .
i see through the <unk> of love nowadays .
i want to come home .
i think tom won 't be late .
tom seemed to know all about mary 's past .
please tell me where to park my car .
it 's been three years since i started to study french .
he thinks he 's stronger than me .
he caused his parents a lot of <unk> .
would you like to listen ?
i think they knew something .
i won 't allow you to go .
i know that tom needs to do that today .
we should double date more often .
the wound won 't close .
why did you kill him ?
tom warned mary what might happen if she ate the <unk> john had found in the woods .
it 's my problem , not yours .
i had to pay the bill to the <unk> of ten dollars .
thank you for helping us .
if you 're leaving , please close the door .
mary lent me her computer .
how many years have you been doing that ?
it doesn 't matter whether he <unk> or not .
the king would not even read the message .
sami 's son <unk> a boy in the park .
tom moved the chair closer to the window .
tom lives above his means .
you can 't blame her for being curious .
are they sisters ?
you said you never saw them .
it seems i will die .
let 's go for a walk in the park .
he asked me to leave the room .
layla didn 't want to share her love for sami with anyone .
sami got on a bus and went home .
i knew tom and mary weren 't going to object .
tom and mary say they 'll agree to do that .
don 't worry . you 'll make a fine father .
can 't you help us ?
it is tom 's <unk> to go to the moon .
planning for a trip is more complicated than i thought .
i think tom would tell the truth .
the food is not good .
i just don 't understand you anymore .
tom is more famous than you .
you wish !
we 're grateful for your help .
tom didn 't love mary .
i 'll go with her .
i always wanted to be a professional singer .
i prefer traveling alone .
that 's our secret .
mary said that she didn 't think tom was in boston anymore .
today i 'm going home .
mary didn 't really need to do that , did she ?
i know you 're doing your best .
keep her happy .
that 's what i need to know .
you 're a <unk> , aren 't you ?
how are things with that guy you were seeing ?
this computer <unk> is , as it were , the nervous system of the company .
air is to men what water is to fish .
your english is too good to be in this class .
they were standing still with their eyes wide open .
two boys came running out of the room .
tom and mary swear that they won 't do that again .
mary is washing dishes , isn 't she ?
someone stole all my money .
jane frequently <unk> the books she has been reading .
i wonder why tom didn 't like australia .
are you sure you know what tom needs ?
tom is going to be sorry that he didn 't do that .
he got accustomed to the new way of living .
will we be permitted to do that ?
it would have been fun .
i wonder what i need to do .
all you have to do is fill out this form .
don 't be soft with kids .
he closed the door behind him .
don 't <unk> a dog . he might bite you .
can you sing the song ?
tell us about him .
the future used to be better .
in england , they say " as drunk as a lord , " in russia by <unk> , " as drunk as a <unk> . "
long , long <unk> , in an <unk> i found the <unk> , still <unk> ; and the song , from beginning to end , i found again in the heart of a friend .
he could not live up to expectations .
how many hours will it take us to do that ?
you 've never told us how you met tom .
i had a good summer vacation .
tell us what you know about tom .
society could not care less .
<unk> it , tom . i said no !
he gave him access to the building .
tom found me a french teacher .
i think i 'd better stay here .
tom and mary said they 've done all of that .
the party 's over . you 've got to go .
layla did a professional job .
i thought you recognized tom .
it is not cold today .
both tom and mary work .
why was tom so upset ?
finish your sentence .
this tv show is growing on me , anyway .
it 's useless to try and resist .
tom and mary said they wanted to do that , but they weren 't allowed to .
the news can 't all be bad .
my father has never been abroad .
perhaps you 'd better drive .
where 's my computer ?
i still have nothing .
i knew tom couldn 't do that .
tom is old school .
i don 't want money .
i agreed with him on that point .
we need all the practice we can get .
the airplane took off ten minutes ago .
i want to go back home to australia .
why don 't tom and mary want to swim today ?
at this point , he arrived .
i couldn 't thank them enough .
i would never have done that .
i think it 's wrong to tell a lie .
do you think tom might be part of the problem ?
are you absolutely sure ?
mary lives with her husband in boston .
i don 't think that tom knows what 's going to happen .
all of us stared at her .
we 've decided to hire tom .
i don 't want to go there after dark .
i thought i could do it , but it was more difficult than i expected it to be .
i just want to see if i can do that .
she 's going to get herself killed .
why can 't you just do what you 're told ?
could you take me to this seat ?
i could 've married her .
did tom have a plan ?
tom is coming over to watch a movie .
tom said that he was determined to win .
there 's room for one more in my car .
some games use a die <unk> up to 100 .
we have to get out of here fast .
there is no such thing as a <unk> , so do not try to appear to be one .
war <unk> soldiers to go to the front .
tom isn 't likely to make any mistakes .
both tom and mary started laughing at the same time .
tom didn 't meet mary until late in his life .
he parties too hard .
tom is really aggressive .
i wouldn 't be doing that if i didn 't have to .
what scared tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again .
what 's your favorite climate ?
sami 's car was locked .
i didn 't know that tom wouldn 't want me to do that .
nothing interesting is happening .
sami didn 't learn his lesson .
tom and mary think they don 't need to do that .
you must watch this movie .
you should tell tom to do that .
i would 've wanted to do that with you .
tom didn 't want mary to talk to john .
i thought you said that tom was married .
tom wants to become a french teacher .
it 's clear that he 's at home .
tom and mary said they thought john might not need to do that again .
i haven 't made a decision yet .
please mail this form to your insurance company .
tom can 't afford a car right now .
you don 't have the habit of showing your feelings .
they said they 're lonely .
she 's furious .
where did she take this picture ?
mary cried as she read the letter she got from tom .
there 's nothing i wish for more than this .
he had , i thought , no right to do that .
i know that tom might do that .
what if it continued for ever ?
i didn 't know that tom was married to mary .
she will make a fond mother .
no one knows who invented the <unk> oven .
sami went back to ordinary life .
are tom and mary really ok ?
i 'm afraid i have no experience .
i think you must be getting tired .
i don 't think that tom has time today to do everything he needs to do .
i 've never even shot a gun .
i can 't help feeling something terrible has happened .
tom was surprised by what he saw .
how did you know i had a dog ?
we 've done it twice in three months .
when does tom expect us to help mary ?
you know i hate you for this !
tom said mary is very happy here .
i don 't think tom and mary want to see you again .
i heard that you want to learn french .
tom is wrong about that , but he 's right about everything else .
she wrapped her legs around him .
sami worked at a <unk> at a very young age .
he says that he 's good at cooking .
tom is the only man that mary has ever loved .
i 've got a lot of work to do .
don 't you feel guilty ?
why did she show it to me ?
i didn 't see what happened .
i didn 't think tom would tell me how to do that .
there was no sign of her .
he took out one egg .
i 'm so embarrassed .
how far are we from red square ?
i must go back to australia .
tom always <unk> that mary doesn 't drive fast enough .
the king is ill .
how much water do you drink a day ?
i will change the <unk> for a shower .
i may be able to go tomorrow .
we have one more year .
i don 't think tom knows how to have a good time .
tom said that he was expecting mary any minute now .
it 's been a while since your last visit .
i 'm not the only one that did that .
what are you going to do in japan ?
i know tom ought to do that .
tom pretended not to know what to do .
she got <unk> no wonder she is losing so much weight .
i would have advised tom to do that .
he eats nothing else but fruit .
sorry , but i can 't do so .
i think tom would be available .
i 'll call you as soon as i hear anything .
i don 't think tom and mary are going to be able to do that .
i 'm sorry i didn 't get back to you sooner . i 've been <unk> under at work lately .
they both lived in boston .
i wonder whether tom knows that mary is coming with us .
tom and mary told me that they could do that .
you just don 't do anything wrong .
please buy a few apples .
he said that he was really tired .
is there a 10 % service charge ?
we 've had trouble with tom before .
sami could not keep his eyes to himself .
tom said that he heard someone screaming .
tom would never have done that if mary had been there .
sami missed his flight .
she wants me to follow her .
sami constantly wanted to talk to layla .
it seems that tom might do that .
mary told me she didn 't have very much experience doing that .
mary is happy now , isn 't she ?
i think we should do as tom <unk> , unless someone has a better suggestion .
tom is a real friend .
you 're not a good enough pilot to be able to land there .
they had to fight for their lives .
i feel blue .
doing that was pretty easy .
i left australia a long time ago .
after having read the economic white paper , i am beginning to see the light on our financial standing .
i stayed with the <unk> whenever my parents were out of town .
mary told tom that she thought he was cute .
tom is also getting ready .
tom reads everything he can get his hands on .
i gave all the money i had to tom .
mary canceled her trip .
the taxi driver refused to take us to that part of town .
sami started his <unk> year at this high school .
i wonder why tom and mary are so interested .
i don 't think tom and mary have ever done that together .
the animals are kept in very small <unk> .
tom seems to know all about mary 's past .
tom probably couldn 't do that alone .
that one , it is in stock .
he looks happier this time .
who gave it to her ?
are they doing anything right now ?
when you come out with me , you 'll see we 'll have a nice time .
tom still doesn 't care .
i love this band .
your eyes are like stars .
i don 't think tom is listening to me .
whether i 'm sleeping or awake , i think of you all the time .
you seem to know who did that .
they 're with me .
i didn 't want to help tom do that .
little lights were <unk> on and off in the distance .
tom is doing a really good job .
you two make a great team .
i 've got no idea why i 'm so tired .
i didn 't know the meeting would be so long .
tom doesn 't look very healthy .
i thought that tom already knew .
tom is a very creative person .
there were four pieces of cheese on the table .
sami changed layla 's life for ever .
i 've done everything on my list .
tom is the author of several books .
tom began to leave .
fear not because there is nothing to fear .
how did you know tom going to quit his job ?
you must be right .
sami didn 't deserve to get kicked out .
i didn 't study yesterday .
mary said she thought tom would be glad to see her .
he has a good collection of modern paintings .
tom made mary smile .
if i remember correctly , boston is beautiful this time of year .
my opinions <unk> from those of most of the students in the class .
don 't call me your son .
this happens to you all the time , doesn 't it ?
tom isn 't the only one who 's tired .
i can 't find my pipe .
she said to her : " <unk> , what great arms you have got ! " " that is the better to hug <unk> , my dear . "
it is raining hard outside .
i wish you success in your work .
the news that her husband had been killed in an accident was a great shock to her .
tom watched his favorite television show .
i went to boston alone .
you have to talk to tom .
he is not so tall .
he looked as if he had lost his way .
is there something you aren 't telling us ?
mary admitted she was selfish .
it 's a bad time right now .
i feel good with him .
i dare say he 's not a bad boy .
tom and mary are coming right back .
are you sure it 's safe to eat this ?
i went to the woman myself and told her about it , and she said that she also wanted to tell her daughter .
she likes to go for walks alone .
small changes can make a big difference .
it 's not the size of the dog in the fight , it 's the size of the fight in the dog .
i knew tom would be heartbroken .
tom certainly can relax .
these are my books , and those are his books .
tom won 't be here until 2 : 30 .
there 's a possibility i won 't be chosen .
i won 't eat this .
i know i 'm very lucky .
he made a small dog house .
i probably would 've done the same thing .
he admitted that he was unemployed .
as you can see , the roof needs to be <unk> .
we heard them .
i 'm going to see her tomorrow .
he said he was grateful .
mary managed to get out of the pool by herself .
the book is only available in german .
it would have been better if you 'd stayed in boston .
will you look at this ?
i wanted tom to sell me his old car .
we only sell top quality products .
tom thought he had heard wrong .
tom and mary talked to each other for a while .
sami started changing toward layla .
i thought i was doing it your way .
where are the girls ?
they walked all the way to boston .
it 's the right way up .
you must do that at once .
i don 't think that you understand how important this is to me .
tom took some more of the bread .
it 's a bit crowded in here .
i know you have a girlfriend . don 't lie to me .
i gave mary what she wanted .
tom knows that it wasn 't the first time mary did that .
a red rose means love .
i thought that tom would want to know about that .
my parents expect me to enter the university .
you should do what tom says to do .
i promise that i won 't be late tomorrow .
his letter made her angry .
tom walked into the bedroom to get some clothes .
don 't talk to me like that .
get out of my room .
tom and mary said they were very thirsty .
tom and mary forgot to lock their car .
we 're dying to meet him .
what 's it look like to you ?
tom won 't lose .
give tom some time .
sami never tried to make any <unk> on layla .
<unk> , you got your hair cut short . for a moment , i didn 't recognize you !
she said her license was suspended .
she wanted to win , but she didn 't .
would you introduce me to your boss ?
tom is going to have to be here a lot .
she 's in love with a man who loves her .
everyone knew what to do .
we haven 't even set the date yet .
it is against <unk> to call on a person early in the morning .
i don 't know what tom is going to do .
she <unk> her daughter , who looked lovely that evening .
mary is dating two different guys at the same time .
tom and mary <unk> said they weren 't nervous .
i have been studying german since i met that girl in <unk> .
i didn 't mind .
tom still hasn 't said anything to me about that .
tom said mary was attractive .
these words got me thinking .
this is the hat tom bought for me .
mary looks like she 's having fun .
tom has trouble making both ends meet .
i can recommend a good hotel .
tom died later that year .
his advice is of no use .
do tom and mary feel the same way about that as you do ?
it was hard for tom to convince mary to do that .
the date and address is usually written at the head of letters .
i didn 't know i was supposed to be here by 2 : 30 .
tom is looking at us now , isn 't he ?
rainy days make me unhappy .
tom is also good at chess .
tom 's car was <unk> by a truck .
how much will you charge me for the suit ?
i felt bad about what i did .
i wasn 't guilty .
i think that tom will be careless .
shall i have tom do that ?
tom could 've been the last one to do that .
i 'm sorry that i <unk> so much money .
" i think this wine is really good . " " i 've had better . "
i 'm sorry that i lost my temper .
let me show you how i do it .
if i had known that you were here , i would have come at once .
one of the girls was left behind .
tom isn 't strong .
i heard that tom went to australia .
i 'm afraid this data is not reliable .
tom claimed he walked from boston to chicago .
it looks well prepared but you see there 'll be a <unk> somewhere .
i 'm a mother .
i love you and i want to marry you .
tom called mary and told her that he had to work late .
this is the <unk> cheese i 've ever eaten .
tom said he didn 't know that mary couldn 't speak french very well .
tom said he 's heartbroken .
he felt something touch his arm .
i didn 't think tom would still be mad .
let 's see if we can come up with a better solution .
tom told mary why he didn 't do that .
tom took the dog out for a walk .
tom explained the reasons for his decision .
tom and mary aren 't as tough as they look .
tom seems to be intelligent .
i hope we stay in touch .
do you mind if i look for you so often ?
they plan to go there by themselves .
tom and mary said that they weren 't finished doing that .
let me introduce you to him .
we didn 't want to hurt you .
making you happy makes me happy .
you have to learn to put up with this weather .
you shouldn 't do that by yourself .
tom threw a big party at his house while his parents were on vacation .
she isn 't old enough , is she ?
i 'm going to check on them .
your suitcase looks heavy .
you are going to get hurt .
tom still might not do that .
tom is doing this to help mary .
tom didn 't even know it was here .
i 've been waiting for three years .
he thought that i 'm very tired .
the news of his safe <unk> delighted his family .
i 'm here in australia with tom .
that would be fine .
we watch television .
that is a fruit of your effort .
sami isn 't listening to you .
i think you 're the one who 's mistaken .
tom seems to be having a good time .
we 're the only ones here who know tom won 't do that .
mary decided to quit smoking .
i found out you talk behind my back .
i 'm never going to boston .
mary is pretty proud of herself .
i enjoyed my stay in australia .
john said that the <unk> of heaven was near .
tom believed everything that mary told him .
maybe mary didn 't do what everyone says she did .
i think tom is planning to do that tomorrow .
i used to work in boston , but i don 't anymore .
i sang one .
i wonder if tom is still reluctant to do that .
tom wasn 't the one who asked me to do that .
where did she swim yesterday ?
i used to live near a park .
i 'll do it , if you <unk> .
you can regret it all you want , but it won 't do you any good now .
can i have a cup of coffee first ?
mary told me that she 'd be home on monday .
tom knows change won 't be easy .
tom and mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that today .
his mother speaks italian .
i hope we can be good friends .
i don 't think that tom and mary have to work on october 20th .
humans have two legs .
sami couldn 't believe what was coming out of layla 's mouth .
now why would i do that ?
sami was hanging out with his manager .
mary can 't even remember her name .
mary thought that she would be late .
i often buy food for tom .
there is an important reason that so many working families feel like the system is <unk> , and it s because the economy hasn t caught up to some of the <unk> changes that have <unk> america over the past 50 years . those days when the average family was a dad who went to work every day and a mom who stayed at home and did all the <unk> <unk> <unk> that s not what our economy looks like anymore . <unk> and work <unk> come in all <unk> and all <unk> , and yet , our <unk> <unk> still look like they <unk> straight out of mad men .
tom is sure that he 'll pass today 's exam .
do you think tom and mary were finished doing that by 2 : 30 ?
tom is still angry with us .
i really believe that that 'll happen .
i don 't care if tom and mary do that or not .
why are they afraid ?
mary did her best to persuade tom to <unk> her children .
i hit my head hard against the wall .
tom was three hours late .
come , eat the <unk> in the kitchen .
tom is the only one who knows what we have to do .
tom didn 't have to <unk> it in .
tom and mary said they 're not even going to try to do that .
i 'll knock your <unk> out of your mouth !
tom is somewhat older than i .
tom is related to me .
tom is going to be forgiven for what he did .
that 's my kind of action .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't show me how to do that .
i don 't work on sundays .
the problem is we can 't use our car on that day .
tom blew out the <unk> on the cake .
there 's something i have to ask you .
i don 't get the point .
tom and mary said they 're <unk> at doing that than john .
sami comes to talk to layla until she falls asleep sometimes .
anyone else want to give it a try ?
the doctor is with another patient .
tom has to have an operation on his back .
tom didn 't want mary to know what he had done .
i need a chance to get even .
it was not long before he arrived .
he was careful not to <unk> the meeting .
don 't try that at home .
i don 't know why tom and mary are so angry .
" are you a model or an actor ? " " no , i 'm just a student . "
tom looked like he wasn 't busy .
she is more human in thinking than you .
i just want to walk again .
i was a little nervous .
that 's pretty close .
tom thinks mary isn 't hungry .
i called my friend after arriving at the station .
an <unk> later our door opened , and a tall young man entered the room .
they 're thin .
everything is still the same .
mary had everything she wanted .
it 's been three years since he died .
i had an appointment at 2 : 30 , but i got caught in traffic and couldn 't get there in time .
sami had an accident and couldn 't get here earlier .
i was told that tom doesn 't have to do that .
what would the world do without tea ?
i learned berber as an adult .
they told me they 've never met you .
sami is making me nervous .
we said that .
you get out of class ?
tom laid his cards on the table .
i can 't paint as well as you .
i know tom is almost thirty .
tom assumed everyone knew mary couldn 't understand french .
tom said that mary isn 't safe .
tom has got nobody to look after him but me .
i 'm too old to go to germany .
tom and i often study together .
i think tom and mary are nice names .
let 's do dinner tomorrow .
you had better leave the students to find out for themselves .
the results of the term examination were anything but <unk> .
mary said she thought tom would be able to help her do that .
they talked for hours .
my grandmother doesn 't know the berber language .
i like working in australia .
did you call tom ?
this is the kind of program that tom likes to watch .
tom took his pants off .
are you telling me the truth ?
he finished the <unk> of his work before dinner .
tom went to the park to meet mary .
we are just in time for the last train .
i once knew a girl that <unk> every time she laughed .
what a lovely garden !
my hands and feet have got as cold as ice .
i 'm meeting someone later .
sami wanted to go hug layla .
mary shouldn 't have bought what she bought .
i wonder if tom and mary actually did that by themselves .
mary said she 'd rather not do that today .
she is bigger than i was at her age .
her flat is always clean .
it looks like tom and mary are excited .
tom says he 's been thinking about what mary said .
it 's very important to vote .
thank you for today .
i 'll show you . watch .
i told him of our plans , but he seemed <unk> .
tom and i left early .
i don 't know , but i 'm going to find out .
i keep quiet about things i don 't understand .
tom made a dress for mary .
i 've never done that .
i need to go shopping .
i should 've left her a note .
i like to do things on my own .
tom hasn 't decided what to wear .
tom doesn 't want to finish what he 's doing .
it happened in rome .
he can 't stop us .
they are afraid of the gods .
i can imagine how the stars feel on <unk> .
tom did that , didn 't he ?
you 're the only other person who knows why tom and mary were fired .
i want to talk about him .
i think we 're going to need a doctor .
she 's a head shorter than i am .
tom said that he was really unhappy .
all you have to do is tell tom to leave .
this teacher is interested in me .
they said that they 'd never let you drive .
are you having a <unk> 's day party at your house again this year ?
i 'm in my room .
tom didn 't make friends as easily as mary .
don 't ever lie to us again .
we 're probably going to have fun doing that .
i wonder why he did that .
tom was wide awake .
i think it 's strange that alice should keep silent for such a long time .
whatever you do , do it quickly .
we 've all got to look after each other .
i felt pity for the boy .
it wasn 't that bad .
they are visiting relatives .
the furniture was covered in dust .
could you cast an eye over my essay before i hand it in ?
she sold a refrigerator .
tom told mary that he was planning to join the team .
tom decided to continue doing that .
tom started playing the piano when he was thirteen years old .
tom says he wants to show mary something .
i 'll say it one more time .
two or three other people have asked me that question .
i wonder whether or not i should do that , too .
why was he living in the us ?
as for chess , i just know the rules .
it 's raining here in boston .
you don 't know how lucky you are .
i 'll write to you .
i didn 't know whether tom and mary were thirsty or not .
i 'll come by train .
it is better to <unk> than to request .
tom and i went to the zoo together .
i 'll take care of everything .
tom 's my friend .
at about what age do the japanese marry ?
did you really mean all that ?
i think tom will help me do that .
tom and mary are just a little overweight , aren 't they ?
tom said he liked studying french .
tom must decide what to do right away .
tom asked if he could help .
he needed to buy a <unk> for his computer .
i read the great <unk> when i was in high school .
i 've been out in the sun all day .
nobody read about my country .
tom said that he got back home on october 20th .
this good woman had never heard of the king 's orders against <unk> .
the only time some of my <unk> talk to me is to post some birthday love onto my facebook wall .
sami is much older than layla .
we 're making good time .
can you understand any of this ?
i 'd like to know where you stand .
i don 't believe this is true .
tom isn 't the man for the job .
i asked tom to stay at home .
sami doesn 't know what that <unk> is called .
she wears glasses .
i 'm positive tom and mary were the ones who stole my watch .
what kind of hospital is this ?
the weather has started to change .
do we have to tell him ?
he found them in the <unk> 's heads , behind the eyes .
i think that tom and i could 've done that by ourselves .
mary knows she 's said too much .
tom became very tense .
tom has already told us what he would do .
these boxes have plenty space on the <unk> .
please don 't smoke .
tom and mary say that they plan to do that .
i know your mom doesn 't want you to talk to me .
you might want to bring an umbrella with you .
mary was cleaning her room .
i was born on a ship .
i thought that maybe this would help .
the tip of the knife is sharp .
next time i see this sentence , i will translate it .
he nearly fell off his chair .
the international situation is becoming grave .
you <unk> <unk> to me , kid , so find such a water for me , find it and bring , water my poor <unk>
they told me that they don 't eat meat .
i found the keys .
is the <unk> card made of plastic which <unk> your bank account called a cash card ?
tom doesn 't listen to classical music at all .
stop her .
i think my parents are hiding something from me .
as soon as i got home , the telephone rang .
be sure to come here by the <unk> time .
tom is now on his own , isn 't he ?
i never talk to tom .
don 't you want us to be together ?
tom knew mary understood .
he said that he 'd do that soon .
if only i 'd sold that property before the economic <unk> burst i wouldn 't have lost all that money .
mary didn 't tell tom why she needed more money .
tom might still be there waiting .
how often do you use your phone ?
i really like you a lot .
tom said he had fully recovered .
you seem to be getting tired of doing that .
please bring the master key .
i think that tom already knows why mary had to do that .
she told me she intended to do that .
tom ate a greek salad .
tom put his hat on and went outside .
tom and mary haven 't done their homework .
i didn 't have to thank tom , but i did .
maybe you could talk to them .
we 're all back safe and sound .
i don 't know what i 'm going to do with you .
tom and i waited .
tom is extremely unhappy .
tom seemed to know just about everyone .
wake me up when tom gets home .
she wishes she hadn 't won .
latin word order is free , but not <unk> .
i had a lot of <unk> when i was young , but now it seems to have all <unk> out .
tom said that he wasn 't able to read anything without his glasses on .
i wonder whether tom and i are strong enough to do that .
the writer drank wine .
is that radio yours ?
i have a pain in my big <unk> on my right foot .
what does that say ?
i 'll take care of your children tonight .
my grandmother 's mother is my " great grandmother , " so my great grandmother 's mother is my " great great grandmother " ? is that right ?
when my grandfather died , i was six years old , and i can hardly remember him .
recently , i don 't have much <unk> .
i 'm getting pretty good at doing that .
you saved my ass .
i got up and went into the other room .
throw the ball to tom .
tom doesn 't sound like a native french speaker .
how 's your day so far ?
tom seemed to be very interested in everything that was happening .
he sometimes comes home late .
tom admitted that he didn 't do what he promised to do .
sami could <unk> to whatever the situation was .
tom got angry when he saw mary with john .
who wrote that song you just sang ?
sami will find the way out .
the judge listened to him with great patience . a kind look <unk> in his eyes . he became very much interested in the story ; he felt moved ; he almost <unk> .
i slept just two hours .
i wonder if tom is really having fun .
tom doesn 't often get a chance to leave early .
how did you find out tom didn 't have to do that ?
i stayed at his place yesterday .
i haven 't heard this song in a while .
they say they cook well .
tom thought it was all a big joke .
just do what i did .
you look depressed .
one has to put on a <unk> to protect the head .
i don 't know how much time it 'll take to do that .
tom finds it much easier to speak french than english .
just in time !
tom is always great .
we 've been good friends for years .
why didn 't you try calling us ?
tom still looks great .
i was cleaning my room for that time .
sami can 't even tell china from <unk> .
tom and mary planned to talk to john the first chance they got .
" you said it wrong . " " how do i say it then ? "
tom was the only one who had to do that .
this time we won .
i forgot to thank tom for the gift .
i 'm leaving for australia tomorrow .
i don 't have to worry about that anymore .
can you imagine the world without money ?
tom is the only one who seemed to notice .
he is a smart boy .
i gave up my job .
i need some money .
they 'll find tom .
tell me what 's on your mind .
a woman thinks of everything in terms of money .
this road is too narrow for cars to pass .
how many books have you read so far this summer ?
sami had a great professional .
let me out !
they seem to be having an argument .
mary looked through her closet trying to find something <unk> to wear .
workers must have their hair cut short .
tom will likely be irritated .
the doctor knew how to <unk> with an emergency like this .
could you excuse me for a minute ?
you obviously don 't live here .
you didn 't seem to be having any trouble doing that .
no other mountain in the world is so high as mt . <unk> .
emily is very lovely .
i don 't think that doing that is a bad idea .
what can i do to help ?
are you jealous ?
i know that tom should wait until we get there to do that .
i 've never seen tom riding a motorcycle .
an <unk> is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way ; an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way .
who are you going out with now ?
she says that she can see through walls .
as he 's just up on his high horse again .
they say they won 't come to our party .
mary had no idea what she needed to buy .
i 'll be able to see you one of these days .
in <unk> , there was a large earthquake .
i don 't see tom much .
i 'd kill myself first .
he cannot put up with hard training .
i tried to do that by myself .
i 'm going to try a different <unk> next time .
we have to tell him .
tom would never lie to you .
mary says she can 't remember what happened .
tom and mary are going to eat now .
sami wanted layla to know that he was thinking about her .
we 're giving a dinner for him .
tom said mary will unlikely enjoy doing that .
we thought you were coming with us .
he turned up 30 minutes late .
i should have known tom was behind this .
do you really think tom was careless ?
i don 't think i 'll do that again .
tom didn 't seem convinced that mary had to do that .
i know that you 're going through a lot right now .
i 'm sure your <unk> will bear fruit .
how do you think tom does that ?
it looks like tom and mary were able to get what they wanted .
i thought that we played well .
i think she has a fair amount of sense .
don 't let tom do that anymore .
" can i see your phone ? " " i think that this is <unk> . "
tom is living by himself .
how many of the words on this list do you not know ?
tom knew he should wait , but he left anyway .
tom is planning to take pictures .
layla sounds like her mother .
i met my girlfriend on an esperanto <unk> .
how do you put up with her ?
mary didn 't lose her temper .
i wonder when tom will be going to boston .
would you be able to take a picture of us ?
i was up late last night .
i had never been so scared before .
i didn 't have to cancel my vacation .
i hope tom and mary don 't have to move to boston .
it 's really raining hard , isn 't it ? did you get wet ?
i haven 't forgotten them .
tom refused to speak to mary .
it isn 't worth much .
tom and mary live on the same street .
he couldn 't wait to see the look on her face .
tom looks cold .
i don 't know why tom wants me to go to boston with him .
i don 't think that tom would ever really do that .
tom believes that mary is lying .
let us think about the worst that could happen .
i wouldn 't put too much trust in tom .
tom told me he didn 't want me here .
i can 't see a thing .
are you going to give these away ?
mary has too much time on her hands .
tom opened the <unk> and looked out the window .
tom is going there alone .
don 't come into my room .
tom said that he knew that how to do that .
you know the one i 'm talking about , right ?
what you 're wearing isn 't appropriate for where we 're going .
i need a blanket .
tom could 've taken the money .
tom painted the wall green .
tom and mary are old enough to know that what they did was wrong .
i may get fired for doing this .
it could just be your imagination .
don 't you think most japanese students work hard ?
i don 't think tom knows that i hate him .
i 'm going to miss boston .
tom 's parents allow him to do anything he wants to do .
the last thing i remember were the lights going out .
i got back to boston last night .
tom is very interested in baseball .
you 're going to love our food .
<unk> tried to fix their relationship , but could never explain why he hid their relationship from some of his friends .
our company has just <unk> a new product on the market .
tom wasn 't very good at doing that when he was younger .
i know he 's hiding something .
did you see how close that was ?
tom knew that mary wanted him to buy her some chocolate .
i didn 't realize that tom was planning to leave .
tom failed to persuade mary .
you don 't seem too sure .
did you understand what tom said in french ?
i wish you wouldn 't do that by yourself .
" are you still dating tom ? " " no , we broke up at the beginning of last month . "
i 'd like to <unk> tom 's neck .
<unk> on something this simple , i can tell it will be difficult going forward .
i 'm going to get some <unk> and i 'll be back .
tom can go if he wants to .
why do i have to help ?
he suggested to me that we should go .
you 're obviously lying .
i didn 't know where it came from .
tom doesn 't know mary shouldn 't do that by herself .
tom begged us to stay .
tom has bad eyes , so he always <unk> in the very front of the classroom .
i want to learn to shoot like you .
don 't worry . everything is fine .
tom lied about what happened .
do you have any plans for saturday ?
tom isn 't a cat person .
she took her wedding ring off .
i think she is very attractive .
who did my dog bite ?
she wrote a novel based on her own childhood <unk> .
tom looked .
my mother <unk> herself to a cooperative society .
mary said she had nowhere to go .
tom can 't remember what happened .
it 's been a good year .
do you want us to help you do that ?
tom was the only one who was able to do that .
we may need to go to australia next month .
remember that i love you .
tom is the one least likely to come to your party .
the other day he said to me , " i will lend you this book tomorrow . "
i can 't reach her .
tom won 't be able to do anything by himself .
tom told me why he didn 't win .
tom said that it was time to start thinking about what we needed to buy .
tom said he didn 't know you .
i knew there has to be a better way .
public interest has fallen off a lot .
i have three children .
he knows very well how to <unk> people .
why didn 't you tell me you were in pain ?
you should try doing that for a living .
tom knew that the story wasn 't true .
" will the project be <unk> on time ? " " i can <unk> it . "
this bike needs to be repaired .
the hungry dog quickly ate the food .
i think i 've told you that before .
if you see tom , tell him i 'm looking for him .
tom and mary said they 'd probably do that .
i hold mary in the basement and <unk> her every day .
tom told me that mary was tired .
i ask you , he 's been cheating me !
that was only a year ago .
they told me they were lazy .
i put on tom 's shirt by mistake .
let 's not talk about your job tonight .
i wonder if tom and mary like to do that .
you go on without me .
no one could account for his poor examination results .
i should have studied harder for my french test .
tom told me he thought you could probably do that .
she said that she was very mad .
was anybody else hurt ?
we all searched high and low for the missing documents , but they were never found .
fadil has one thing on his mind : revenge .
i have much in common with him .
tom said it was your fault .
tom and mary were <unk> what they should do .
sami noticed that layla didn 't show up on saturday .
tom could have been there , but i didn 't see him .
you weren 't the only one allowed to do that , were you ?
what are you guys playing ?
tom and mary said that they didn 't know where to go .
let me think about it a bit longer .
no , the sky won 't fall on our heads .
it has to be destroyed .
both brothers said that they couldn 't support both a wife and an airplane , so they spent their lives as <unk> .
tom grabbed the rope with his right hand .
did you expect sell that many of those ?
and now the king and queen , having kissed their dear child without <unk> her , went out of the <unk> and sent forth orders that nobody should come near it .
tom is waiting for his check .
my leg is still asleep .
i 've already told tom that i don 't plan to do that .
two minds are better than one .
you 're not going to do it , are you ?
do you realize what would happen if you did that ?
tom said he knew mary wouldn 't win .
i <unk> you this isn 't just about money .
are you going to do that by yourself ?
there 's blood on your hands .
such a program will help the rich but harm the poor .
tom didn 't stop asking me questions .
who does tom think did that ?
sami gave layla some change for the bus .
i want you to stay exactly where you are .
did you understand everything ?
he is the master of all the <unk> .
thanks to my mother 's help , i was able to buy a mountain bike .
the company <unk> was sent to jail for cooking the books .
it was french . i could tell by his accent .
i think i 've been fired three times .
tom didn 't come to school last week .
tom and mary had difficulty <unk> john to help them .
this is a picture of us .
she almost <unk> to death in the snow .
there was no one about .
would you like to go out with me this weekend , <unk> ?
i 'd probably be able to do that for you .
maybe i can help you .
tom had a job interview on monday .
i packed their suitcases for them .
i could go with tom .
tom is obviously frustrated .
my brother insisted on going there alone .
if that 's what tom said , then he was lying .
i 've known how to do that for a long time .
do you want to have breakfast with me ?
she 's lost her watch .
tom sat opposite mary .
she will give birth to a child next month .
do you think television does children harm ?
sami showed layla the right <unk> to use .
do you know who took the call ?
i don 't think that tom knows mary is in the hospital .
you have to eat to live , not to live to eat .
he 's lazy .
he is taking his final exam .
they 're very good .
it 's about time for the guests to arrive .
i want to do that as often as i can .
marriage is the last thing on my mind .
please put the baby to bed .
i don 't mind waiting for a while .
tom wanted to know who mary was planning on staying with .
you should express your opinion .
is it true tom used to be rich ?
tom lives on the left side of the street , opposite the <unk> 's .
tom said he thought mary looked annoyed .
tom can never seem to make up his mind .
i think this is the best chinese restaurant in boston .
i know tom doesn 't know that i know how to do that .
she yelled .
who bought you this house ?
i know tom is pretty good at doing that .
as <unk> was burning the letters of her <unk> lover , a squirrel came in through the window and jumped on her shoulder .
tom told mary that he thought john was married .
he was very scared when he saw this big snake .
i think you might need to take it easy .
tom said he wasn 't going to be there .
mary told me that she 'd love to help .
tom will probably never be able to do that .
i eat fish every week .
tom said he wanted me to show him how to do that .
this wall feels very cold .
cut out the nonsense , will you ?
tom and mary said they didn 't think they had enough time to do that .
he married my cousin .
i know tom is fine .
mary told tom that she didn 't think john had been tempted to do that .
tom told mary he didn 't love her .
there are some <unk> points in his account .
tom and mary are both very generous , aren 't they ?
i 'm not a baby .
we owe part of our success to luck .
isn 't it a <unk> winter this year ? makes life easier .
my brother is not as tall as i was two years ago .
i 'm sure it must have been very <unk> .
i believe you have information that can help us .
sami was pretty scared .
i bet you 're in love .
the tree was ready to fall at any moment .
i know it 's a lot to <unk> .
what 's the name of the girl we saw at the festival ?
she never knew what hit her .
i 'm positive that 'll happen .
i didn 't know that tom wouldn 't ask mary to do that .
i would never ever do anything like that .
tom had some influence .
i thought you said you wanted to go with us .
tom could 've won if he 'd tried to .
i was <unk> when i arrived in australia .
the forest is in a better state of <unk> .
that isn 't what tom and i were planning to do .
tom always does the same thing that mary does .
he has never come on time that i know of .
i think tom won 't be doing that .
" by the way , where 's your old man ? " " under that <unk> truck . "
mary said she 'd also help me do that .
your body is amazing .
tom and mary put down their drinks .
this book isn 't as interesting as that book .
i don 't think that tom needs to worry about mary .
i didn 't read the story .
the lunch she brought to me was as delicious as i 'd heard people say it would be .
this is way better .
can you tell me where we 're going ?
i want to eat something different for a change .
sami learned about that .
was it fun doing that ?
who needs that ?
i could use some help here .
tom ran over to help mary .
he says that he 's tired .
i think my leg might be broken .
i know tom knew mary didn 't have to do that .
i 'd like to give it to her .
i knew that tom would be forgiven for doing that .
i can 't reach the top shelf .
the amount of smoke that comes out of an <unk> cigarette isn 't bad at all .
tom has canceled his appointment .
i think tom would be frightened .
does this mean that sami is gay ?
she had her kids paint the garage .
mary owns her own company .
i was wondering when you 'd get here .
the sun , moon , and stars are all part of the universe .
did you bring this car from germany ?
it 's a special time for us .
i can 't get out of here .
when does the show start ?
parents have <unk> to look to their children 's health .
she said that she wants to die .
i would never do that to you .
maybe tom and mary are sleeping .
we have until october to complete our plan .
sami took layla to the health center .
tom thought mary didn 't want to swim .
i can 't believe i missed this before .
please come over for lunch the day after tomorrow .
tom had to <unk> his morning swim , on account of it being too cold .
we 'll go with you .
they 've injured themselves .
i 've always wanted to kiss you .
" i see , " said the blind man , as he picked up his <unk> and saw .
it isn 't going to be very hard to do that .
tom didn 't have to say yes .
i have no words to describe what i saw .
i have to type in a really big document .
i 'm not wasting any more time on this .
i was following orders .
i 'm happy tom liked it .
mary felt embarrassed by her mother .
in china , the family name comes first , followed by the given name .
i thought mary might have to do that by herself .
can you remember how to play that song ?
that 's no big deal .
you just have to know how to help .
i was nervous , too .
tom wondered why mary wasn 't at home .
our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station .
sami said this , not me .
when i lived in the <unk> , i could see millions of stars at night but i had no one with whom to share their <unk> .
i think that tom would need to do that .
i didn 't know that tom was a canadian .
we 'd better take up this issue immediately .
i didn 't kiss tom . he kissed me .
sami was writing an article .
i have no idea why that happened .
but he is still alive ?
i just want to say you did a good job .
what was it you asked him ?
i don 't like the way he speaks .
she won 't even look at the offer .
i took tom to the hospital in the back of my <unk> truck .
come down here .
mary says she doesn 't feel like doing that again .
tom said he didn 't know what mary 's reasons for doing that were .
tom grabbed his knife and cut the rope .
sami <unk> layla because she was his only daughter .
tom is very crazy , isn 't he ?
sami always had sleep <unk> as a kid .
both tom and i started laughing at the same time .
i will go to algeria .
the factory waste gave rise to serious <unk> pollution .
i don 't like any of tom 's friends .
tom and mary have both been sick .
father , today i 'm going out with some friends . of course , that 's if you will allow it .
she wants me to give her some space .
she did without <unk> to pay for her daughter 's lessons .
why aren 't you working ?
sami and layla <unk> more than a thousand love letters .
there was silence for a moment .
you were a prison guard for ten years .
i hope tom and mary aren 't desperate to do that .
i assume both of you have brought <unk> .
i thought that everyone was happy .
sami sat in the front , next to layla .
tom is extremely fit .
if a person doesn 't have a strong will , he will be unable to <unk> <unk> wisdom .
when will i see you next ?
sami will feel better soon .
my father reads the newspaper while he eats breakfast .
why don 't you just tell tom you don 't want to go to australia with him ?
sami was watching tv .
the patient lies in bed .
sami was hoping to be able to visit his children in egypt .
tom and i were relieved .
i don 't think that tom knows why mary and john are arguing .
my god , why have you made life so beautiful ? oh god , but so short is our life !
i think that tom is up .
there was nothing tom could do about it .
sami did that every single day .
we are buying movie tickets .
i 'd like to hear you sing .
i 'm as tired as you are .
i 'm the one who convinced tom to teach mary how to do that .
we have to find out what tom and mary want us to do .
when was the last time you saw tom do that ?
don 't tell tom i did that .
mary will get herself killed if she 's not more careful .
i lent tom my car last week .
tom won 't stand a chance .
looking at this hat what comes to your mind ?
i thought tom was good at speaking french .
do you not like girls ?
he lives in a closed community .
sami saw layla walking with another one of his friends .
they were after her .
his wife is as beautiful as a dream , to say nothing of his daughter .
tom gave this book to me .
tom hasn 't gone to church in a while .
get rid of things you don 't use .
could you give me a hand with this thing ?
tom asked mary some very personal questions that she refused to answer .
tom was too afraid to do anything .
it 's really quite a crisis .
you should eat some vegetables rich in <unk> .
stop moving !
i don 't think this is how it 's done .
how much honey should i buy ?
you said to give tom what he wants .
i hurt my left arm .
tom told me that he thought mary was nervous .
come , i 'll show you .
i bought a red car .
he would give an arm and a leg for that .
tom suddenly realized what mary was thinking .
tom just drank the last cup of coffee .
i needed one .
i can 't afford a camera as good as yours .
the secret is out .
do you consider yourself as a dangerous guy ?
so far , no one has <unk> to my doing that .
tom said mary 's not allowed to do that .
which is your book ?
i know tom knows that he isn 't supposed to be doing that .
you should arrive at school before nine .
they just don 't trust you .
each time i went to see him , i found him at work .
fill in this form .
she has got things she needs to do .
i know that tom probably didn 't do what he was supposed to do .
i 'll call her tomorrow .
he says that he didn 't win .
i drank about 20 <unk> but the <unk> couldn 't tell i was drunk and let me go .
i wish tom was still here .
i knew tom was in bed .
do not fear to be <unk> in opinion , for every opinion now accepted was once <unk> .
i think tom is still doing that .
do you want to play with us ?
did anybody other than jim see her ?
tom and mary are no longer on speaking terms .
we must ask ourselves this question .
i saw you in the park with him .
i thought you said that you could play the piano .
tom always did the same thing mary did .
layla got arrested .
i think it 's a wonderful idea .
tom isn 't the captain of basketball team .
i 'd like you to be there .
ready !
everyone has some kind of god , even if that " god " is reason .
she didn 't seem to be happy , did she ?
tom said he thought mary had done that .
the teacher taught them that the earth is round .
you can stay here till the snow <unk> .
some consider language as a form of knowledge .
i have to buy a new <unk> for my car .
he is as intelligent as any student in the class .
i 'll see you at dinner .
would you two excuse me one moment ?
doing that with tom should be fun .
i didn 't think tom would be in australia all week .
hardly ever have we seen such a night !
how many years were you in boston ?
tom said i didn 't have to worry about anything .
see the car carefully before you buy it .
tom and mary are hoping you can do that for them .
i haven 't spoken to tom since .
tom said it was mary who told him that he had to do that .
he got the money from her by a trick .
you were charming .
tom and mary have already sold their cars .
hey ! don 't be silly .
i think we should let tom and mary go to boston by themselves .
what 's the one thing you would have done differently ?
i don 't ski , but i really like to <unk> .
there are some interesting <unk> in the museum .
almost all dogs are alive .
we have until 2 : 30 <unk> monday to get this done .
tom isn 't the only person who did that .
mary didn 't know when she was supposed to do that .
no one 's prepared .
tom said that mary was planning on getting there early .
everyone 's talking about what tom did .
do you mean you don 't know ?
is that why you came ?
i 'm a little busy here , tom .
" will you see the museum again ? " " yes . "
sometimes the waves are higher than the <unk> .
i don 't care whether tom stays or goes .
i told mary i didn 't know where she lived .
i thought she was extremely pretty .
tom has finished eating .
what is there to eat ?
how do we know what 's the truth and what 's a lie ?
i wanted to go to boston .
i have two tickets for the concert .
we don 't always sing this many <unk> songs in one night .
i haven 't told tom why i have to do that .
everything has two sides . <unk> only see one .
it was cool getting to know you , tom .
tom and i broke up last week .
he doesn 't want to live in a less developed country .
i have a huge berber language dictionary .
i thought we could hang out in australia for a while .
set it down there .
fadil told her to leave .
how long do you play tennis every day ?
we 've got to do a lot better .
i 'm not worried about getting lost .
why doesn 't tom like living in australia ?
tom and mary are about to have a baby .
tom called the neighbors .
i don 't regret any of it .
tom asked mary to go to the park with him .
it was pretty scary .
tom and mary need to pay their rent today .
as you already know , your parents won 't be there . it 's time to be a responsible adult .
i 'm going to have to call the police .
i regret laughing .
this isn 't fun anymore .
he said that he didn 't know why .
sami wanted to be a <unk> for social change .
they invite me to all their parties .
not knowing what to see , i asked him for advice .
tom said that he feels fine .
they elected me to the student class <unk> .
tom has never lied to me before .
tom got up slowly .
tom doesn 't think mary will be crying .
you won 't need to do that again .
one of us has got to stay awake .
tom has done this before , hasn 't he ?
tom wants mary to take the medication that the doctor told her to take .
tom picked his toys up .
<unk> won 't be coming to our party .
tom and mary said they were willing to wait until 2 : 30 .
tom hasn 't been here as far as i know .
none of you have any <unk> what tom 's going through .
sami never believed jesus was god .
tom said he hopes that mary won 't let john do that .
she has to pay her rent today .
i 'm not a <unk> , and i don 't <unk> to be one , but it 's so cool to stand on a <unk> and see the world around me from places one can only get to on foot , with a lot of <unk> and <unk> and sweat along the way .
tom <unk> at mary and blew her a kiss .
maybe i 'll do that today .
the professor ordered some new books from new york .
tom thinks he should study french .
tom wants that to happen .
sami had a <unk> to hit on any girl he saw .
it is because it can 't hope for a success if it isn 't healthy .
i will not do it again .
tom followed mary out of the house .
they said they didn 't win .
i find it hard to believe .
layla turned the water off .
they forced me to take the medicine .
tom had no idea what to expect .
write me if you need help .
i don 't like milk in my coffee .
i don 't think that it 'll be possible to do that .
if i remember correctly , tom and mary got married in october of <unk> .
they shook their heads as they drove away .
tom isn 't a busy man .
you cannot be too careful when you drive .
if you have a cold , you should get plenty of rest .
tom deserves another chance .
i couldn 't ask for anything better .
i thought that tom did a nice job .
why do you think tom never wears red ?
tom had never realized just how lovely mary was .
come on , let 's play .
it 's been over a year since the accident .
be careful , this guy has a <unk> license !
that rock band gives me a headache .
he leaves for school at seven .
everyone here knows tom .
tom asked mary why she 'd left her husband .
sit here , you 'll feel better .
tom grew up in a city .
they didn 't want to get any gold dust .
i want them to have this .
i hope we see each other again soon .
she 'll come if you call her .
i like tom . he 's a nice guy .
well , of course , i would never doubt that my coach is right .
if the film is on at your place , do go and see it .
tom and i danced together .
how i hope you don 't forget to clean the shoes before leaving !
although he was tired , he would not stop working .
tom thought that the girl he saw in the park was mary .
tom said mary has been to australia only three times .
he asked me to pass him the salt .
tom didn 't take his gloves off .
i checked the time on the clock .
that we will win the game is certain .
we 've been told not to do that by ourselves .
nobody 's watching us .
he showed up late to practice .
he was all alone in the room .
i 'm good with people .
mary sat at the bar drinking by herself .
tom had trouble doing that .
i trusted him with my secrets and he didn 't tell them to anybody .
tom teaches french to children .
tom said he was thirty .
tom said mary wouldn 't enjoy doing that .
he is busy preparing for the entrance examination .
sami had to get out of the house .
he was too tired to keep walking .
he loves the son .
i haven 't played my <unk> in a long time .
tom said that he didn 't believe that mary really wanted to do that .
i looked at tom and laughed .
mary is going to feel better once she gets something to eat .
yes , i 'd like a single room with a private bath , please .
sami 's girlfriend wasn 't really into makeup .
i wish i had better news for you .
sami was always so anxious .
dan came home early to catch linda cheating on him .
nature made sure that living <unk> doesn 't <unk> much effort : everyone can make himself happy .
i know what you 're planning .
he is a man of faith .
he is not your dad .
are tom and mary going to sing tonight ?
both tom and mary worked in <unk> while they were in college .
it was really easy .
tom is probably going to be called as a <unk> .
i still want to see you tomorrow .
what have these poor people done that they must be punished in this way ?
did you get angry ?
i should tell tom , right ?
there 's only one problem with our plan .
i do try not to talk to tom more than i have to .
tom said mary was unlikely to cry .
they <unk> with each other for the prize .
he who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning .
tom deserves an explanation .
tom and mary said that they needed some money .
don 't worry . it 's not the end of the world .
she 's still very much in love with you .
tom didn 't know that mary had just gotten married .
i wonder if i should just pretend to appreciate the dinner that mary made for us .
i don 't have an office , nor do i need one .
sami went to the shower .
i think i 'm going to have to tell tom everything .
mary used to sing better than she does now .
tom had a good dinner .
he is not so much a poet as a <unk> .
all the boxes are empty .
tom and mary say they believe they can do that .
tom and mary didn 't tell anyone what they were planning to do .
i could swear there 's something inside this box .
what are you after ?
i want to hear everything that 's happened to you .
tom and mary realized they didn 't need to do that .
she talked her husband into having a holiday in france .
tom told mary that he believed in <unk> .
he said he went swimming yesterday .
maybe we should help her .
hey <unk> , how do you like that class ?
do you remember the time you and i went hiking together ?
i don 't have any money left .
as you were saying ?
tom only lived with us for about three months .
she 's very good at tennis , but she 's not much of a swimmer .
tom said that he wasn 't sure that mary needed to do that .
i don 't go to the movies as often as i used to .
it doesn 't matter , right ?
tom told me that he didn 't cry .
sami 's job wasn 't paying the bills .
tom couldn 't stop saying thank you .
tom is going to go to australia with mary .
there is nothing new except what has been forgotten .
tom walked across the room and opened the window .
you know that that 's wrong , right ?
she did that all by herself .
tom took some money out of the drawer .
tom thought mary wouldn 't do that .
tom said that he felt a little guilty .
tom told me he thought that mary would be the next one to do that .
what 's your plan for the day ?
i thought we said tomorrow .
clean that window .
i wonder whether or not tom is drunk .
mary said she slept well last night .
she needs help .
what 'll i tell her ?
i don 't have time to finish my homework .
i plan to stay until monday no matter what tom says .
tom wants to stay .
mary told me she 'd be ready by 2 : 30 .
what do tom and mary have in common ?
i told tom that i never wanted to do that again .
he thinks that 's normal .
sami and layla left , too .
it 'll take me a good three hours to do that .
tom and mary didn 't play tennis , did they ?
i asked if i could do that .
i 'm beginning to believe that tom could do that .
tom has gone blind in both eyes .
sami and layla haven 't discussed that already .
it 's going to be beautiful .
tom hasn 't seen mary in a long time .
tom thought mary was sleeping , but she was actually awake .
the problem is whether my parents will agree or not .
tom and mary say they hope john will be able to do that tomorrow .
i 've been sick for three days .
tom called to ask if he should bring anything .
he has brought shame upon his family .
i didn 't know why everybody was looking at me .
russia is under attack .
i sometimes dream of my mother .
tom and mary are going to love the present you got for them .
i don 't know what fear is .
tom is an evil person .
we 'll deal with him later .
i 've only felt this way once before .
tell tom to hurry .
tom is going to survive .
neither tom nor mary has been putting on weight .
ok . i think i see where you are going .
he told me he was working .
are you ready to talk about it ?
tom seems lonely .
i haven 't sold anything all day .
please don 't behave like a child .
we can 't be sure .
i went to the department store to do some shopping yesterday .
no cash was taken .
it is with great pleasure that we welcome you here .
he made up his mind not to return to his native country .
the dog house is outside .
i 'll protect her with my life .
if you want to work here , you need a permit .
the agreement was announced monday .
i was wondering when he / she would come back .
tomorrow never comes .
she stands in great danger .
why would tom have any problem getting along with mary ?
i am an adult .
i don 't think tom and mary know everybody 's name yet .
the city of boston has one of the best children 's <unk> in the united states .
i want you to know i 'm willing to help if you need me .
tom was a park <unk> for three years .
i have no doubt about that .
mary said she wanted to buy a <unk> .
sami and layla had six daughters .
we should get some more food .
tom is looking forward to seeing mary again .
the teacher has a loud , clear voice .
tom went back inside the house .
tom and mary are playing a video game .
tom is still sleepy .
keep going straight through the village .
tom and mary said they didn 't think john would 've done that .
please tell mary she should do that .
i bet it 's fine tonight .
do you want me to continue ?
this is a boy .
everybody 's looking for you .
tom doesn 't want you to share this information with anyone .
i 'm not ready to go home .
tom looks like he 's awake .
i put the rest of your clothes in the laundry .
i 'll lend your this book .
tom will be out of town for a while .
i wouldn 't want to do something like that .
what kind of plant is it ?
i always eat healthy .
sami and layla have been talking for six months now .
tom took his daughter mary to the park .
there is a fine line between speech that is <unk> and to the point and speech that is too <unk> .
she 's helping me .
tom and mary rode away on their horses .
he can 't just do whatever he wants .
would tom like that ?
tom and mary were sitting together .
i told him about my ideas but he <unk> them out of hand .
i need to find out where tom works .
tom told me that he waited for thirty minutes .
i doubt tom 's <unk> even though i 'll admit he 's honest .
he said that he 'd leave .
had i known your telephone number , i would have called you .
tom says mary doesn 't believe john would do that to alice .
you were supposed to be here by 2 : 30 .
i know tom knows i didn 't need to do that .
they 'd help us , wouldn 't they ?
he 's always hungry .
i 'd have been able to do that if someone had shown me how .
i think i would buy a nice car .
i doubt if tom will be nervous .
you 've finished my patience . this ends it .
my girlfriend also loves to drink .
they <unk> their money to buy a present .
you will regret your decision .
tom died in jail .
i wouldn 't ever do that .
these received no names .
god gave you a <unk> and a brain , but only enough blood to run one at a time .
you 're not scared , are you ?
it is good to write for yourself .
both tom and mary should have left early .
we should be in australia with tom .
where did tom stay last night ?
sami was muslim .
it seems that tom and mary are annoyed .
they are not good people .
i don 't think that i 'll go to tom 's party .
i have to hang up .
i thought you said that you 've only tried doing that once .
tom told me he couldn 't remember the teacher 's name .
we did everything for them .
tom became interested in <unk> when he was very young .
we need to be there for them .
i have a bit of a headache .
the tourists were hurried from one museum to the next for lack of time .
i only ask that you give me a chance .
the movie was absolutely amazing .
i wish i could have spoken french .
mary is expecting that , isn 't she ?
i know that tom is about the same height as mary .
there 's a good chance tom will be in boston next week .
she married to the kind of man you would expect her to pick .
tom and i <unk> together one night last year in boston .
tom is studying in boston , isn 't he ?
it looks like i 'm going to arrive late .
sami is watching the game .
the problem has come to the <unk> again .
don 't just sit there .
sami didn 't try to talk layla into wearing the hijab .
sami doesn 't know what is going on but he will find out .
tom said that he thought that mary would be scared .
i feel like i 'll never catch up to tom , even if it takes a whole <unk> .
i know tom is a bit older than me .
tom doesn 't like the idea .
what is your goal for learning berber ?
i don 't think that tom knows how to play the <unk> .
give me another couple of days to think it over .
tom was surprised to learn that mary was already in the third year of her <unk> <unk> .
he 's not stupid .
sami covered layla 's body with a towel .
what else can we do now ?
is it true that mary killed herself ?
my power went out several times today .
he can 't tie his shoes by himself .
i wonder if tom and mary are really tired .
i 'll find it sooner or later .
i can see myself in the mirror .
his ideas do not fit in with mine .
i can 't do it right now .
i have to speak to tom immediately .
do you know who this car belongs to ?
i know what the meeting will be about .
tom and mary say they hope john enjoys doing that .
the carpet in my bedroom is green .
do you remember what tom and mary were wearing yesterday ?
i 'm pretty sure tom can 't win .
i 'm interested in a great many things .
it 's pretty late .
i 'm interested in the history of japan .
tom probably thought i liked mary .
a nice book would be better !
it doesn 't matter from where he comes .
i kind of worry about stuff like that .
we don 't work for tom anymore .
tom said that he might be late tomorrow .
it 's easy to understand .
tom said that he didn 't think mary could 've done that .
when mary opened her <unk> , she found a rose and a letter inside .
i had a hard time understanding what tom and mary were trying to say .
tom may come .
how hard is it to learn to read music ?
mary said she hadn 't intended to do that .
i suspect tom will help mary do that .
did you get the eggs ?
i 'll miss everybody .
he admitted he used drugs .
he did it while she was drunk .
how old must a child be to be able to stay at home alone ?
i don 't know if tom and mary live in boston or not .
when were tom and mary supposed to get here ?
he did it in front of the <unk> .
i want to buy some books for my son .
what do you guys think of him ?
tom seems to like boston .
tom is just as annoying as mary .
it 's just <unk> they tell me everything .
it is a pleasant day today .
how much money do you have on you now ?
why didn 't you tell me this on the phone ?
tom and mary aren 't getting along very well with each other nowadays .
why don 't tom and mary want to do that now ?
at what time should we go to the station ?
there are few places where we can <unk> talk .
she should follow the advice of her mother .
i 'll <unk> it as soon as i can .
i don 't think that doing that is necessary .
too much of anything is bad , but too much good <unk> is barely enough .
why didn 't you just give tom and mary the money they asked for ?
i did what i wanted to do .
the parking lot is free of charge .
my friend came to the library to study .
do you really think tom and mary were careless ?
tom knew that he wasn 't going to get home in time for dinner .
tell tom you 're too busy to help him .
what you did for me meant a lot to me .
they couldn 't stop laughing .
i was in shock .
i told you something wasn 't right .
sami came home from work .
tom saw something on the floor by the sofa .
i should let tom and mary do that .
tom hasn 't promised me yet that he 'd do that .
i wouldn 't have expected tom to be able to do that .
you know , this isn 't half bad .
she doesn 't dare leave the room for fear she should catch cold .
i 'm the guy who has the tickets .
do you know any of the boys in this room ?
no baseball player had been as <unk> as he was .
i know tom knows that mary might not want to do that anymore .
the human body consists , among other things , of two arms , one heart and two eyes .
i 'm going to take an umbrella with me .
you have won .
i don 't want you to come here .
i guess i agree .
he took over his father 's business .
we 've been told not to do that anymore .
we must respect the rights of the individual .
you don 't allow your children to do that , do you ?
tom seems to be asking himself that same question .
that 's beyond my strength .
how many trees are in your yard ?
it 's taken a long time .
i bought this book for myself .
sami <unk> every single day for two hours .
can you get a day off ?
<unk> is very likely to pass the university entrance examination .
i don 't know why tom and mary have to do that .
i wonder why dad wants to buy that house .
he told me that he was heartbroken .
mike is captain of our team .
tom and mary are lucky that john helped them .
i don 't think that it 'll take very long to do that .
i didn 't know tom didn 't want to do that .
tom said that mary was drunk .
i 'm going to pray a whole lot .
tom and mary swear they didn 't do that .
there are a few points where you are mistaken .
tom spent a half an hour looking for his car in the <unk> , then he remembered he had caught the bus to work .
tom and mary should do everything themselves .
tom told me to meet him in front of the concert hall .
i just got tom to sleep .
tom <unk> john and mary talking about him .
i don 't want to eat here tonight .
is there life on mars ?
do you know why tom never comes here anymore ?
the ship from new york will arrive before long .
tom should be invited .
tom sat on a chair .
he spoke slowly , with a strong <unk> accent .
the house where tom lives is in the old part of the city .
i wrote a couple of songs last week .
it 's just so early .
why don 't you let tom know that you can 't drive ?
tom and mary made a list of things they wanted to do before they died .
tom says he owes mary $ 300 .
what tom does is his own business .
it was already twelve when he reached home .
you really are serious , aren 't you ?
it 's a good thing you did that .
don 't ruin our fun .
what has actually happened here ?
i 'll need someone to take care of tom .
i live in new york .
sami was someone who had a big <unk> .
what 's going to be different ?
tom won 't likely be able to fix the computer .
i suspect tom and mary both have to leave tomorrow .
why do you need a knife ?
this singer is an <unk> of the youth .
the fact is that she lied .
you don 't have to be discouraged because you are not a genius .
the dog is sleeping at the foot of the bed .
the man held on to his job <unk> and would not retire .
i 've made a decision .
tom couldn 't afford to buy the bicycle he wanted .
is your father creative ?
tom wanted to be a <unk> , just like his dad .
mary is unable to decide who she should vote for .
i got this in the bag .
you 're not used to eating a heavy breakfast .
i 'll have a talk with them .
they are playing chess .
i have something else to give you .
all things considered , it 's set up so it isn 't possible to win .
tom wanted to cheer mary up .
sami wanted to hear that .
i have clearly <unk> that you 've lost the argument .
tom put a few more <unk> on the fire .
i assume you only hire people who speak more than one language .
both tom and mary can sing quite well .
do you have friends in your year ?
we have a language and its name is berber .
i don 't recognize any of the people in the picture .
i 'll graduate this year .
sami had no idea layla was muslim .
my mouth is clean .
the dog 's eye can only see shit . ( <unk> )
i was talking to tom about something else .
i suspect that tom and mary know something interesting is about to happen .
they swear they won 't do that again .
how in the world did you do that ?
tom said he didn 't want to go swimming with mary .
tom and mary were drunk .
aren 't you their mother ?
mary might help us if we ask her <unk> .
i know that tom is a strong man .
i don 't need to do that by myself .
i 've been doing that a lot lately .
everything was ready .
don 't you worry about that ?
almost all of mary 's <unk> still talk to her .
tom is flying back to boston .
tom said he thought he would be able to do that if he had some help .
he made up his mind to be a teacher .
i thought that you said that tom didn 't do that .
i don 't care for that sort of thing .
tom said that he thought that mary might need to do that today .
i came by to see how you 're doing .
i didn 't close the door .
i didn 't know that you were home .
the <unk> of school was due to the snow .
who is the tall guy with long dark hair playing the guitar ?
is thirty dollars enough ?
remember , respect is everything .
i don 't think tom should 've let mary do that .
tom told me he thought that mary was high .
i know tom will do that in australia next week .
tom got in the boat .
we 've already chosen .
tom said that he didn 't think mary liked to do that .
i 'm doing this to help you .
where is the student ?
we know that they 'll come .
tom read my mind perfectly .
i 've got to go .
i told tom i understood his concern .
i told tom to stop doing that .
i need to speak to them alone .
is this the car tom told us about ?
the party was just getting started .
are tom and mary on their way ?
he kicked the ball with his foot .
tom said that he 's pleased .
tom told mary that he thought john was annoyed .
i guess he really loves me .
they said that they knew what that was like .
i tried really hard to convince tom to help mary .
tom ran a hundred meters in twelve <unk> .
i can 't find a thing .
mary said she 's willing to do this .
tom thought mary might have to do that on october 20th .
you can meet me somewhere sometime or something .
i 'm sure tom won 't be downstairs .
i think that tom wouldn 't be here if he didn 't think he could help us .
tom took off his jacket , put on a <unk> <unk> , and then put his jacket back on .
he 's lost both of his parents .
did you come here by car ?
i 'm pretty sure he likes me .
i want tom to stay with me .
i will be at the meeting .
tom is a suspect .
buying costs less than asking .
i 'm determined to do that .
tom wants to ask you about your trip to boston .
the more i think about it , the less i like it .
they 're not as thin as they used to be .
tom wears the same halloween <unk> every year .
tom may be exhausted .
did tom tell you about the roses he sent me ?
we are here on this earth to be <unk> .
will you tell her ?
she played with her cats .
she is not what you think she is .
she was my only friend .
you just need to press this button to take a picture .
sami is a <unk> year old boy from egypt .
sami was super nervous about the test .
i turned on a lamp .
tom eventually learned what mary was up to .
it 's completely natural .
that hasn 't been my experience .
i have apologized .
<unk> traveled from town to town in the west .
" hey , tom . " " what is it " " oh actually , never mind . "
it isn 't necessary to do that .
your advice has been of great help .
i was there to learn berber .
i know that you can 't forgive me .
all her cats are sitting on the roof of the car .
i think that anybody can do that .
could i just talk with you ?
mary said she didn 't think it would be a good idea to do that .
there is nothing like sleep .
in japan , it is very hot in summer .
is it going to rain today ?
she has a desire to be wealthy .
i want to give him a present for his birthday .
i had a good vacation .
i probably won 't watch this .
he took the key out of his pocket .
tom knows i was supposed to do that .
i thought that tom looked like he was amused by that .
tom said that he was hoping that mary would do that for him .
don 't you watch television ?
the living room is a tip .
they said they were rich .
let 's contact tom .
i washed my t-shirt .
do you often think about things outside the <unk> of your reality ?
they say they never wanted to do that .
go warm up .
tom and mary told me they were really busy .
sami and layla know each other .
tom and mary said that they were glad that john did that .
although he works and has two kids , he has started studying at the university .
do you have a boyfriend back home ?
why would anyone want to steal any of this ?
there 's nothing good on television .
sami has an early class .
tom works for a canadian company .
you wouldn 't have needed to do that .
i think you know which one i 'd buy .
fresh fruit is good for the health .
tom thought mary might not want to do that by herself .
tom still plans to win .
tom quickly agreed .
tom bought mary a purse for her birthday .
you should begin .
they 're going to arrest you .
does anyone know what time it is ?
with the increase in the number of cars , the atmosphere will get worse and worse .
tom went into hiding .
sami could <unk> on layla at any moment .
i know tom is a nice kid .
i 'm surprised you didn 't know that tom used to live in boston .
i asked tom to find out where mary had parked her car .
he 'll be home a bit before five .
they said they 're cold .
what are you interested in ?
i know tom can do that without our help .
she said she isn 't making much money .
she hates this idea , doesn 't she ?
it is a great honor for me to meet you .
tom is likely going to be skeptical .
you can walk .
let 's give her another chance .
i 'd have figured it out eventually .
he is far from being a gentleman .
why are we helping them ?
do you understand the guide ?
tom told everybody he was depressed .
i know tom doesn 't know why mary does that .
i hide the true amount from her .
it is my practice to get up at 6 <unk> .
after he had graduated from the university , he taught english for two years .
mary didn 't know whether she 'd be permitted to do that or not .
tom seemed friendly .
i stayed <unk> all day because it was raining .
i 'm not the one who told tom that he should study french .
there has to be something that you can do .
sami got something to eat .
that woman goes to church every evening .
what else are you going to get rid of ?
tom and mary are having a nice time in boston .
tom used to do that sometimes .
what do they call it ?
what 's tom doing with my stuff ?
they 'll do that if they can .
tom couldn 't remember what they 'd been talking about .
i can 't finish this today .
tom isn 't going to be here today .
i think it was a good day .
tom is sure he can do that again .
i have no time for that , and <unk> , i don 't have any money .
you never had the opportunity to do that , did you ?
what do you guys want ?
tom thinks that he has to help mary .
that won 't make tom sick , will it ?
i have things to attend to .
it isn 't quite as simple as that .
tom ran upstairs .
i 'm a very sensitive and <unk> person .
it 's a <unk> to me how you got through the locked door .
i didn 't tell tom why mary didn 't want to go .
i only made three mistakes on the exam .
he talks as if he knew everything under the sun .
they weren 't doing anything wrong .
are you closer to your mother or to your father ?
i didn 't know tom would be early .
i 'd like to know if they have arrived .
sami is not the person for layla .
risk is an essential part of progress .
i believe in friendship at first sight .
tom doesn 't often admit he 's wrong .
tom and mary say they have an <unk> to make .
i would hate to become just a <unk> .
tom and i were both quiet .
tom wasn 't surprised that mary was there .
tom realized mary was worried .
i can 't finish this part of the <unk> .
tom and mary said they thought john would be surprised .
did you open the box ?
you 'd better leave early today .
she is reading it .
she should blame herself .
i shall not change my mind , no matter what happens .
i told tom that i thought i might be able to do that .
i have spent my whole life here .
i think people are delighted .
tom said he thought mary was going to do that today .
give me a chance .
mary went into her bedroom .
i think you should see this .
tom said he thought it was unlikely that he 'd win .
i finally found a use for this old thing .
do you think tom was annoyed ?
the surgery was yesterday .
tom is at home with the children .
that 's a curious choice of words .
she said she 's sleepy .
i think i 'd be a good teacher .
going to italy to study / attend school feels pretty good .
it was a nice party . you should have come , too .
you 'll find the people here very kind .
i 'm listening to country music .
you 're the best singer i know .
tom convinced me to stay .
who told them ?
i need you to do something .
do you know where i can get one of those ?
i 've forgotten how to make friends .
tom and mary are out of their minds .
lots of love , john .
as was unusual for me , i got tired quickly and i sat down on the edge of a rock .
what time do you eat dinner ?
those who don 't smoke or drink will die healthy .
mary was the only girl wearing a skirt .
will you take that ?
the dream came true .
i thought i 'd do that today .
the leaves have fallen .
no one can imagine what has become of him .
tom decided to stop drinking and <unk> his behavior .
great was her surprise when she knew the fact .
it 's definitely them .
" our boss insisted on that price , " the <unk> explained . " but you know , you don 't have to pay me <unk> in <unk> . you can pay more if you like . "
i thought that tom was your boyfriend .
she pretended to be hard of hearing .
they 're still together .
i found the game very exciting .
it 's just sitting there .
tom spoke to you in french , didn 't he ?
tom has no <unk> about stealing other people 's food .
if you had told me earlier , i would have dressed up .
mary believed tom when he said he loved her .
every year , the pain got worse .
i am hoping to get two <unk> of this book .
i love asking questions .
tom thought mary would be hesitant to do that .
people often don 't tell the whole truth .
you 're much better at french than tom is , aren 't you ?
tom is probably going to have fun doing that .
she told him that she loved him .
i 'll do what i have to .
hey , leave me out of this .
she eats more than her father .
it looks like we 've gotten ourselves lost .
i am permitted to leave , based on the <unk> of the king .
mary likes horses , doesn 't she ?
tom created a new <unk> on his computer .
when i saw tom yesterday , he was wearing a <unk> hat .
i see that the girl is pretty .
how should he look like ?
don 't cross him or you 'll regret it .
we 're so sorry . if only we understood .
tom told me that he thought he was going to be able to do that .
oh shit ! i 've lost my keys !
tom said that he was studying to be a doctor .
you won 't get it that way . use two fingers .
what is wrong now ?
you have only to close your eyes .
i know tom knows who 's going to do that .
tom very frequently does that after dinner .
ten days later , sami 's body was found by a concerned neighbor .
it isn 't something that anyone would be ashamed of .
he told me he didn 't like <unk> .
sami was <unk> the shit out of farid 's ass .
mary made her company lots of money .
i know that you have something you want to say .
he was a tall , thin man .
i don 't know whether he will come or not .
i thought that what tom said was clever .
you may give the book to whoever wants it .
tom thought that mary would enjoy the concert .
sami stopped being mean towards layla .
how are you dealing with the problem ?
where were you last summer ?
i know that i shouldn 't do that , but i think i will .
i thought tom would give mary john 's phone number .
tom said he didn 't want me to do that for mary .
we 're getting ahead of ourselves .
i know you don 't like me very much .
tom and mary have done what they had to do .
tom didn 't realize that you had to do that .
bob and tom are brothers .
he is very careful .
mary likes helping others .
tom didn 't plant enough <unk> this year .
tom and mary work for a <unk> company .
tom didn 't know that somebody had been hired to kill him .
you need to learn to protect yourselves .
tom and mary didn 't have anything in their bags .
love gave him the strength of a lion .
tom says he doesn 't remember asking me to do that .
your stupid plan is actually working .
tom wiped his hand on his jeans .
what do you intend to do with her ?
the <unk> just got a whole lot higher .
he 'll have an accident one of these days if he keeps driving like that .
please sit at the table .
just seeing his house <unk> you know that he is poor .
i thought you 'd enjoy that .
you had better hurry .
tom needs to sleep now .
tom wasn 't rich back then .
i feel like going out rather than staying at home today .
tom was excited to go to the concert .
tom seemed to be the only one who wanted to sing .
the left hand should not know what the right hand is doing .
we 're together in this .
i don 't think tom and mary know why john wants them to do that .
i heard tom leaving .
do you think i 've put on weight ?
how do i know this is real ?
the dog buried a frozen <unk> in the yard , but only <unk> into the ground .
i 'll go with tom and mary in case they need help .
i asked tom about his new job .
i care about tom very much .
does tom want to sleep on the couch ?
the japanese language plays an important role in <unk> world peace .
i 'm sorry for that , for your sake .
since he 's crazy about movies , he watches as many movies as he can .
my father is coming home tomorrow .
i 'm sitting here .
write to tom right away .
tom might possibly have a house in australia .
tom says he knows that mary won 't buy a <unk> .
are you in favor of their policy ?
no one can remember his last name exactly .
it looks like tom can 't do that very well .
tom said he didn 't need to do that now .
you are the first to arrive .
let 's do that next week instead of tomorrow .
<unk> all the other <unk> , she had no feet and instead of legs she had a fish 's tail .
i don 't think that tom has any idea what has to be done .
tom was just trying to be friendly .
i just hope it makes it in time .
she looked up at the tall tree .
sami visited layla .
am i capable of using this ?
" i 'm not sleeping . i 'm always just <unk> off . " " that way 's even worse ! "
sami didn 't hear me .
tom will kill you .
i need to buy a house for me and my wife .
i don 't care what tom does when he isn 't at work .
what shall i do with it ?
i won 't tell you .
tom said that he 'd do that again .
how old were you when you learned to swim ?
the teacher gave her a lot of information about the university .
<unk> speaking , i actually wanted to stay at home , instead of going out .
from a distance , the small island looked like a <unk> .
she 's hard at it now .
i wasn 't finished talking to tom .
try to get it right this time .
please don 't let tom do that .
death is a life lived . life is a death that comes .
he 's the one who told me about that .
tom has gone to australia to work .
we are making spare parts in a car factory .
i 've been living in boston for three years .
it won 't take you long to do that .
seems i have fever .
tom said he 's been <unk> to visit australia for a long time .
i don 't think that tom will be the first one to do that .
you 're not wearing that to the party , are you ?
he was kind enough to show me the post office .
sami will get a warning .
i need to tell tom the truth .
he has ten cows .
mary says she doesn 't think it would be a good idea to do that .
you know i 'm not likely to do that , don 't you ?
mary told me that she wanted to go .
tom didn 't even notice my new <unk> .
i 'm sorry i was so rude to your sister .
are you on the road again ?
tom and mary said they don 't plan to go by themselves .
who should i bring ?
mary said she regretted what had happened .
when anyone tries to explain the <unk> , he is getting ready to excuse the <unk> .
you can bet your boots on that .
tom and mary have always lived in boston .
it 's going to be interesting for sure .
mr. <unk> and his wife were present at that party .
tom will probably tell mary he <unk> to do that .
tom told me he thought mary had been <unk> .
tom said that he 's not going to sing .
sami was six feet under the ground .
sami got pretty scared .
why can 't tom come ?
it 's weird that the <unk> hasn 't come yet .
i think tom looks incredible .
tom loves singing .
what do tom and mary have ?
it taught me a lesson .
sami has his own car .
sami 's plan was already dead .
how much did you charge tom to fix his car ?
i <unk> tom that he needed to have his oil changed .
all <unk> americans , first or last , go to europe .
sami brought everything that he needed for his meal .
the little <unk> soon <unk> up again , and it was just as if all the stars of heaven were falling in <unk> round about her .
i hope to be able to do that soon .
<unk> what you say , i cannot agree with you .
i never get tired of it .
i 'm finished with that .
i knew that tom wouldn 't mind if you did that .
the moon is out .
sami and layla 's relationship was interesting .
tom and mary said they knew they might be permitted to do that today .
i never give up .
my son is working hard on the field right now .
she sat down and lit a cigarette .
instead of taking a rest , he worked much harder than usual .
i don 't have enough time to eat lunch today .
she lost her hat , but soon found it .
they consider it a mistake for jim to travel alone in africa .
sami wanted his own room .
sami heard a <unk> noise under his bed .
i wonder whether or not tom wanted to go to boston with mary .
mary helped her mother wash the dishes .
i filled the cup .
what exactly is your concern ?
it 's not that big a deal .
tom and mary didn 't really mean what they said , did they ?
just stay out of it .
he didn 't have anything in his bag .
you 're shy .
i 've apologized for doing that .
tom and mary didn 't have enough time to do everything that they wanted to do .
tom said he thought that mary might not have to do that this week .
he regrets doing what he did .
tom isn 't a boy anymore .
i need to go get my hair cut .
tom is making breakfast in the kitchen .
she lost her hat , but found it immediately .
my high school french teacher was a native speaker .
i don 't remember buying this .
it is said that nobody has solved the problem yet .
tom was great to all of us .
i seriously doubt that tom will be there .
i complain a lot .
that is very expensive .
i love you more than anyone else .
i 'm satisfied with these results .
why didn 't she call me back ?
tom said mary wasn 't pretty .
i know tom didn 't know mary wanted to do that .
the man said yes , but only if i promised .
he didn 't even know where he was .
tom didn 't want to argue .
layla was trying to fight back .
it didn 't seem to bother her in the least .
i promise to return this <unk> within a week .
we are quite conservative when it comes to food .
you can 't blame them for being curious .
both of us want to see the movie .
let 's not play .
are tom and mary going to leave today ?
my eyes , my eyes !
tom said he thought that you wouldn 't cry .
i ordered some food .
he kept smoking all the while .
i knew tom didn 't want to do that , but i wanted him to do it anyway .
we all cried a lot .
do you want to do another one ?
she wrote a book about a bird .
we now request your opinion in the <unk> matter .
tom doesn 't want it .
tom thinks it tastes like chicken .
tom said mary only does that if john is watching .
there is nothing to regret about .
tom and mary said that they 'd be the next ones to do that .
i suppose tom will be back soon .
tom said he had something he had to do this afternoon .
if you 're sleepy , take a nap .
he is not the man that he used to be .
they decided to close the factory .
he said he didn 't have a bicycle .
we always had fun .
tom knew mary was a teacher .
i love to hate you .
the soldier climbed up the tree , let himself down through the hole , and found himself standing , as the <unk> had said , <unk> in the large hall , where the three hundred <unk> were burning .
tom has left boston .
tom <unk> into a certain mary on his way to school .
i had to wait until tom was asleep .
why should i give you any money ?
my daughter is buying milk from the store .
mary bought a blue tie for tom .
what are some of australia 's major <unk> ?
tom didn 't tell mary why he needed more money .
tom doesn 't think mary will be late .
did you see a doctor ?
i 'm a determined , organized , and responsible person .
there are three things that won 't come back in life : the shot <unk> , the <unk> word , and the missed chance .
they can do that however they like .
he has very little interest in his children .
it 'll be fun to have somebody to play with .
i know perfectly well that it wasn 't your fault .
tom said he wouldn 't do that again , but he did .
i want to know why tom and mary haven 't done that .
tom and i have three kids .
i was optimistic .
i 'm sure tom will be determined to do that .
tom thinks that mary will be the first one to do that .
mary said she 'd always love tom .
we did win .
mary says she won 't tell tom to do that .
sami is not in trouble .
come on , you have to explain it again to him .
i don 't really like any of that .
i don 't <unk> my real name to any internet site .
tom should 've come to boston with us .
i need to be in boston all month .
tom told mary that she was mistaken .
which one is your jacket ?
i 'll go tell them we 're ready .
she is better at speaking english than any of her classmates .
you won 't find anyone who 'll help you do that .
i didn 't know you used to have a crush on me .
tom and mary are foolish .
they 're waiting for something .
would anyone care if tom did that ?
tom is going to love the gift you bought for him .
why were you asking me all those questions about tom ?
tom was already finished with life and was ready for the end ; then maria stepped into his life .
doing that will be difficult .
mary can 't tie her own shoes .
she said she didn 't want me to wait .
where did the cat and the dog go last night ?
he 's learning arabic .
no one needs this sentence .
i made sure that children who 'd forgotten their red pencil came to borrow one .
i held the gun , but i never pulled the <unk> .
it is hard to live up to your <unk> .
tom doesn 't know that i don 't want to do that today .
tom has money problems .
tom would have enough .
although it was raining , i went out .
i know that you don 't need to do that today .
mary was afraid that people would judge her .
she told everyone about what she did .
i hope i don 't have to do that tomorrow .
do you want to be my friend ?
mary wouldn 't really buy that , would she ?
tom told mary he was planning to go camping with john .
this is an awful dictionary .
there is no getting along with him .
i 'll tell them you 're here .
the coffee is too bitter for me to drink .
i started learning berber in middle school .
tom said that mary thought he might need to do that .
i think it 's crazy .
what made you ask her that ?
tom is going to kill himself .
when was the last time you had to deal with this kind of problem ?
tom won 't try to escape .
students should try not to be late .
there 's little chance that tom will do that .
it 'll cost about thirty dollars to repair it .
tom and mary both don 't know how to drive .
tom doesn 't waste anything .
are you a teacher ? yes , i am .
tom told me to keep what happened secret .
that 's not so many .
tom has two brothers . both of them live in boston .
why would tom speak french to me ?
is it right that you and i should fight ?
tom and mary planned to go by themselves .
he learned how to swim .
no one is going to tell mary that she can 't do that .
what makes it so hard to do that ?
do you understand her ?
to tell the truth , i couldn 't finish it in time .
can these books really be of any use to young people ?
i think that i can probably do that sometime this week .
they claim that they did that .
she announced her <unk> to her lawyer friend .
we had to close the windows so that the <unk> wouldn 't come in .
the wind is <unk> and the fruit knows : it 's time to fall down .
tom was born on a plane .
mary said she thought that would probably not happen .
tom and mary said they 'd been ill .
he was the only one who came to the party .
do you think it 's true ?
i got all dressed up for tom 's party .
she has large blue eyes .
i hate it here .
since i 'd never met her before , i didn 't know her .
i 'd like to visit egypt someday .
we should settle things once and for all .
i didn 't know why tom was so busy .
i think that tom may stay in australia for another month .
i think that everyone makes mistakes .
does he live in the same apartment building ?
we have not yet succeeded .
mary said she didn 't want me to worry about that .
do you really think tom is tense ?
i think that i 'm a lucky guy .
tom is bound to be on his guard .
please turn right at the next corner .
it works on my machine .
that is , father is two years older than mother .
i 'll explain everything later .
tom would like to know what he did wrong .
don 't make a habit out of it .
i 'm free this afternoon .
tom said mary is tired .
when 's dinner served ?
the <unk> have been married for ten years .
it 's going to take tom three hours to finish what he 's doing .
we are not cold in the house .
i 'll come alone .
i would enjoy that .
tom and mary told me they 're tired .
tom got back into the car .
why weren 't tom and mary here yesterday ?
tom and mary know that they should do that today .
mary didn 't do that on her own .
every time i see tom , he 's eating something .
i forgot to pack something .
it was clear that tom was expecting you to do that .
i think that tom has never seen this before .
there 's plenty to do in australia .
why didn 't you tell us about tom ?
i thought that you 'd be out <unk> for tom .
tom gives us money .
i felt the cold snow on my face .
that was actually a lot of fun .
tom is now talking to mary on the phone .
my biggest <unk> is spending money on shoes .
this is a letter from one of my friends .
dear native speakers . please , <unk> me to <unk> an amount of sentences which describe a <unk> world . the world looks like this : 1 . there is a red hard rough heavy box ; 2 . there is a green soft <unk> light <unk> ; 3 . the box is bigger than the <unk> . please , use the words from the list : <unk> , green , soft , <unk> , big , above , close , stand , fast , light , good ; box , red , hard , rough , small , under , far , move , slow , heavy , bad . sentences can be of any <unk> : from one word to 30 or more . any <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> <unk> can be used .
i think that it was fadil who may have done this .
sami was starting to regret the damage he had done to his marriage .
i remember the day i met them .
this painting was very expensive .
this is what tom would do .
he doesn 't know it yet , but he 's already dead .
are you sure this is the right train ?
they 're willing to help us .
mary said she 'd go back home soon .
you won 't believe what i 've got .
when people call others " <unk> " , often what they really mean is , " i don 't agree with them . "
tom 's parents were very understanding .
tom will help us today .
what happened at the club ?
i wonder whether we 're really supposed to be doing this .
tom told mary that she should quit pretending to be confused .
tom has told us to do that .
tom said mary knew that he might not be allowed to do that by himself .
sami started getting weird .
i didn 't tell you the whole truth .
tell him how you feel .
what mountain do you think is the second highest in japan ?
tom and mary say that they only eat <unk> food .
who did this ?
he still came to me from time to time when he <unk> a <unk> in his investigation , but these <unk> grew more and more seldom .
tom drinks black coffee without sugar .
what do you say to that , tom ?
sami is gonna be ok .
the others are leaving . what do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while ?
tom asked mary to buy a some milk .
it is perfect .
tom would 've never done such a thing .
check that .
if a <unk> suddenly appeared in front of me , i 'd be scared to death .
do we have an extra one that tom can borrow ?
i told tom you were happy .
i had a lot of problems .
a <unk> horse doesn 't care about a barking dog .
sorry , did i wake you ?
sami and layla sat in a row together .
tom has a lot of friends in australia .
tom said to say hello .
i persuaded him to take on the family business .
i know that tom isn 't a very strong man .
sami opened up about his <unk> awful marriage .
you do not realize how important health is until you get sick .
how is tom today ?
tom is not here now .
are you coming or what ?
don 't forget to tip the <unk> for carrying your luggage .
i think i 'm going to go to boston next summer .
take him for a swim .
i will never make such a mistake again .
i 'm looking forward to seeing you this april .
tom and mary told everyone that they were prepared .
the heavy snow stopped the train from running on time .
i didn 't know tom was a <unk> .
tom is surrounded by people who love him .
they 'll be looking for her .
the <unk> of them all was the young prince with large dark eyes .
i never did much care for cats .
he struck me in a passion .
mary said that tom was in love with her .
can i borrow that for a second ?
can you do that on your own ?
tom and mary said they 're willing to do that for us .
tom will definitely never do that .
i know i shouldn 't have told tom he should do that , but i did .
the house is small , but it 's enough for us .
how much did your shoes cost ?
she means what she says .
are they really friends ?
i don 't think that i 'm <unk> .
tom is very quiet .
we must do this ourselves .
don 't you want to say anything about that ?
tom said that mary should eat more fruit .
don 't they want a cup of tea ?
i brought you some more books to read .
i 'm fed up with always <unk> you up .
what was it that brought you to me ?
even though tom and mary are very old , they can still take care of themselves .
this tree is dead . it needs to be cut down .
i don 't like speaking in public .
tom did it with the best of <unk> .
i hope that tom will teach me how to do that .
she said that she was adopted .
how much did you pay for this skirt ?
i know that tom is a very smart guy .
students often find it very difficult to understand a lecture in a foreign language .
everybody 's having a good time .
what are you looking for in the dark room ?
who , being loved , is poor ?
tom said he wouldn 't forget that night .
tom got beat up in the park .
sami can 't afford this .
i 've completely recovered .
i don 't think tom can sing that song .
can i ask you something strange ?
he looks <unk> , but actually he 's very kind .
tom is going to try to persuade mary not to do that .
that 's a good price .
when was the first time you met tom ?
i 'm pretty sure that we 'll win .
we are sorry to say that we can not give you that information .
i became curious .
could there be a language as beautiful as mine ?
tom has caused many problems .
mary is a dear friend .
i doubt tom and mary will ever get married .
want to see a magic trick ?
it looks as if tom and mary aren 't going to go to boston with us .
please return to your seats .
i know that tom didn 't know why mary was doing that .
are you at the library ?
i don 't think you should do that by yourself .
tom must have drunk too much last night .
i speak berber like a native speaker .
tom cut the cake .
i don 't think that you did all this homework by yourself .
you 're wrong not to trust tom .
mary said she 's forgotten how to do that .
mary may do what she wants .
it 's a little big .
i 'm trying my best to forget about what we did that day .
when did tom arrive ?
mary wanted to go to boston , but her father wouldn 't let her .
tom stayed at a cheap hotel .
sami put the kids to sleep .
tom and mary wouldn 't do that , would they ?
we 're going out to get something to eat .
wish you a nice weekend !
i did that all the time in high school .
tom may be in australia .
i don 't enjoy doing things like this .
i just don 't remember .
tom said he didn 't think that we should be doing that .
i love watching talk shows .
she burned all of her old books .
the park is common property .
she said that she was very irritated .
tom and mary said they paid thirty dollars for this book .
i 'm not concerned with the details .
free them .
what 's tom 's opinion ?
who 's your favorite japanese singer ?
tom and mary said they thought john might want to do that today .
i really wasn 't in any trouble .
we put the books on the table .
tom and mary told me they didn 't have as much money as john .
who else are we talking about ?
i did not have that in the office pool .
perhaps the weather will get better tomorrow .
why didn 't you tell tom that we 're just friends ?
the police think that tom murdered mary .
it seems tom and i are the only ones here from australia .
i didn 't know you didn 't want to do that today .
tom is at mary 's place .
i don 't think that we 'll be able to prove that .
tom had a crush on mary .
shall i buy this dictionary just because it 's cheap ?
i don 't think that you need to tell tom why you want to do that .
i wonder when tom did that .
he is late . let 's wait for him till 5 : 30 .
it 's necessary for there to be three people to enjoy a good story : one to tell it right , one to <unk> it and one to not understand it . for the pleasure of the first two is <unk> by the lack of understanding of the third .
i don 't know how things were a hundred or fifty years ago .
where did you put our key to the house ?
we 've never been to boston .
how did you know tom wanted to go to boston ?
she bought me a nice coat .
tom said that he thought that you would do that .
tom said that doing that was harder than he expected .
i am so tired that i can 't walk another step .
you 're always playing computer games .
would you mind waiting another ten minutes ?
everybody knew that tom didn 't want to live in boston .
did you know tom used to live in boston ?
i find it difficult to express my thoughts with words .
well , i have to do something .
i 'm not your friend anymore .
it 's rainy again .
my mother is two years younger than my father .
i can 't swim any further .
he wanted to give them to me .
is it always cold like this ?
i didn 't say it was going to be easy .
since he had left his wallet at home , he asked me if i could lend him <unk> yen .
" i 'm your best customer ! " said tom . " no , you 're our worst , " <unk> mary .
she has a small advantage .
tom is as healthy as ever .
i don 't think that i want to know .
i want to talk to you about something else .
i 'll do whatever has to be done to make sure tom and mary do what they 're supposed to do .
mary said she thought tom wouldn 't have to do that .
it 's already getting dark .
she didn 't want to do it .
they 're busy with their research .
you were born to be a friend to your friends .
i am telling a story .
i could learn something from you , i think .
tom said he hoped that mary wouldn 't cry .
this is a pretty good camera .
i didn 't know that tom would want to go with us .
tom could sing quite well when he was a child .
i didn 't know that you cooked .
someone else told tom . it wasn 't me .
i don 't have one of those things .
i realize tom might be tempted to do that .
i know tom and his wife .
you should probably tell tom you won 't do that anymore .
" can the snow queen come in here ? " asked the little girl .
i think i 'm in love with her .
i was getting ready to go out . at that time , the telephone rang .
i want to learn french .
tom found his glasses and put them on .
i 'll let you get back to work .
why did you kill my baby ?
mary said she couldn 't find a job .
we didn 't know what to do next .
if you want me to help tom , i 'll help him .
sami was drinking some stuff .
sami liked to do this .
sami decided to go back with layla .
the noise doesn 't seem to bother tom .
tom sat next to us .
do you really think tom will be able to do that ?
is that old car giving you any more trouble ?
tom sometimes helps his mother .
i wonder why tom looks so sleepy .
i doubt very seriously tom will want to do that .
it will be fine tomorrow .
the <unk> information center gave a city map to whoever asked it .
tom refused to go to bed .
tom and mary held hands as they walked on the beach .
you don 't get to choose .
wasn 't john supposed to be here ?
tom said he wouldn 't recommend doing that .
do you feel sorry for tom yet ?
the gun suddenly went off when i was cleaning it .
sami made himself a cup of tea .
let 's say that you 're right .
the plane was late due to bad weather .
sami was a little irritated .
mary speaks french , doesn 't she ?
tom said he didn 't want to hang out with mary anymore .
tom and mary are still just friends , aren 't they ?
" over and done with " means " finished . "
tom said that he didn 't know where mary had done that .
he sang and sang .
tom is currently in boston .
i think you ought to do that right now .
i know what tom likes .
he bought me a drink .
tom has been told about the problem already .
there 's something about mary that makes her <unk> .
tom said that he isn 't sick .
nothing was funny .
i need to charge it .
he is getting on very well with his english .
it looks like tom is alone .
this is really the problem .
tom and mary sleep with their socks on .
tom and mary said that they weren 't ready to leave .
i 'm going to miss australia .
he wants that a lot .
she is human .
he passed on yesterday .
i feel more relaxed .
sami missed a call from layla .
sami moved into layla 's building .
we have run out of sugar .
you are very nice .
tom went to the beach with mary last weekend .
she shut an umbrella and began to run .
are we going to die ?
tom , mary , john and alice are all nuts .
tell her i didn 't read it .
i can 't wait to get my driver 's license .
tom gets on well with both of his sisters , but things are a bit <unk> with his brother .
tom said that he thought mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon .
only take it if your hand 's clean .
do you have access to him ?
can you believe it ? he 's even <unk> than me .
tom thought mary should go over to john 's house and help him .
we are still in school .
i wash my hands .
you should take care of yourselves .
he couldn 't believe her story .
i want to talk with you now .
" tom was able to convince mary to help . " " how did he do that ? "
the <unk> makes butter with the milk of his cows .
he looked like he was satisfied .
i don 't blame you for <unk> him .
but you do . please help me .
i never should 've said those things .
tom only wants one cup of tea .
i 've never heard such a thing , just an <unk> story .
i would have at least asked you for the name , but my father 's presence has been an <unk> .
tom gave mary his address .
tom knows what you 've done .
tom must have thought mary had a driver 's license .
tom wants to see you before you leave .
the task isn 't done .
thanks a lot , you just ruined my life !
how could that ever happen ?
you shouldn 't believe everything tom tells you .
tom says mary didn 't seem sleepy .
where is it that tom wants to go ?
tom comes here every monday .
it must 've cost a fortune .
i want to get back .
they loved their dog .
a large crowd attended .
he knows better than to marry her .
i don 't want you to do what i did .
do you want to go shopping with us this afternoon ?
sami has a lot of experience with kids .
did you watch the press conference ?
i 'm sure tom would be delighted .
thank you for your kind <unk> while i was in new york .
tom and mary say they 're too tired to do anything else .
mary caught the ball .
have you ever <unk> in the presence of the teacher ?
tom <unk> his sleeping bag into the tent .
people were told to stay <unk> because of the violence in the streets .
i can hardly understand you .
when did that first start to happen ?
she is rather nervous .
get off the lawn .
it 's going to be very hot today .
mary knows how to swim .
what 's the solution to this ?
sami didn 't finish high school .
sentences can teach us a lot . and a lot more than just words .
the plant is blue .
tom told me he plans to join the team .
i 'd rather not discuss that .
the government isn 't doing its best to solve the <unk> problem .
mary needs to do that before she leaves .
they told me that they weren 't sleepy yet .
when was the last time you ate <unk> ?
tom was around thirteen at that time .
are we broke ?
this weekend , if possible .
i know something is wrong , but i 'm not quite sure what .
i used to complain a lot .
you shouldn 't eat just before going to bed .
i had a lot of things i wanted to buy , but i didn 't have enough money .
tom said he thought that i might not need to do that today .
i only have one more favor to ask .
i can 't speak <unk> fluently yet , but i can understand it quite well .
tom is likely to still be in boston .
she has caught up with you in every respect .
i know that tom and mary aren 't afraid to do that .
i 'm sorry , i didn 't hear that .
this we can do .
i wonder why i feel so lonely when it gets cold .
i remember tom quite well .
i am going to play tennis in the afternoon .
we just couldn 't help ourselves .
sami started walking over to our table .
we 're going to a church picnic .
they said that they wanted to play .
he can take care of himself .
that is not all together false .
sami was always in that room .
why do you play with my feelings ?
are you still happy with your new job ?
the women teachers looked at each other , <unk> .
although studying chinese seems difficult , it 's <unk> than you think .
we have to think about this a little longer .
tom said that mary might lie .
i 'll have to let you know .
layla and sami was high on drugs .
what a big boy tom is !
the <unk> changed the prince into a cat .
sit down , kate .
i don 't fly .
" why did you try to escape from me ? i brought you into this world and i could just as easily take you out of it . " " you can 't tell me what to do . i am my own <unk> boss , i play by my own <unk> rules . i take instructions from nobody , not even the <unk> <unk> book . "
i didn 't think tom would swim by himself .
all of the children are listening to the teacher 's words .
tom told mary to do that immediately .
sami is not afraid .
they have the right to defend themselves .
he <unk> into the hall and up the stairs .
i want to help tom and mary do that .
how much money do you owe me ?
tom would 've done that by himself if he could 've .
tom is very tense , isn 't he ?
where did she get on the train ?
i told you it was stupid .
i don 't know what came over me in there .
i would like to ask about the price of that model in the window .
tom likes to wear yellow high top <unk> .
i don 't think that anybody 's lived in this house in a long time .
not until late at night did he come home .
i don 't always do that .
she said she plans to go monday .
tell me we 're not both completely stupid .
he took a taxi in order not to miss the train .
" the castle is haunted , " he said with a <unk> .
it 's never too early to blow our own <unk> , just don 't let it go to your head .
the stolen <unk> must be recovered at any cost .
tom speaks greek very well , but he can 't write a word of it .
i don 't think this is any of your business .
tom is a fun guy to be around .
sami was watching a war movie .
i 'm in bad trouble .
mary cried when she heard the story .
the cake will take an hour to <unk> .
you 're really stupid , you know that ?
we got away .
is there much snow here in the winter ?
i 've never ever been arrested .
she told me that she 's exhausted .
i thought i could help tom .
he 'll have many <unk> to go through in the future .
summer has come .
tom likes playing with fire .
oh , a bath , please .
you will die .
i can 't take you with me .
i don 't think that tom will be using this .
he will wait .
sami needs his glasses .
why don 't you go to bed ?
i want to know why you think that i should do that .
you have to work faster .
i liked it a lot !
who told you you should do that ?
after <unk> drinks , tom put the bottle down in front of mary .
i don 't think that i know anyone in boston .
tom doesn 't study as hard as he should .
i play the guitar in my spare time .
tom told me that he 's retired .
you won 't be sorry .
we will die .
tom wondered who mary expected to come to her party .
tom and mary are going to buy their <unk> some flowers for mother 's day .
i love the colors .
we 're in need of some food .
eating too much is bad for your health .
don 't you think mary 's cute ?
tom seems to be expecting mary 's help .
i want to let tom know we 'll be late .
because of the heat , i slept with a window open .
the price of bread rose by ten yen .
would you please get me a cup of coffee ?
i wonder what made her do that .
" the old <unk> " is the first part of the bible .
do you know where tom 's keys are ?
i want to talk to the press .
there is no path to love . love is the path .
tom didn 't read the message mary sent him .
i 'm good at them .
we 're not talking about the same thing .
i should 've advised tom not to agree to do that .
this door will not open .
don 't <unk> around the issue ; do we have a problem , or don 't we ?
i 'd like to go home early today .
this company was hit by a <unk> attack .
tom has been trying to contact you .
tom was one of those who were laid off .
i 've canceled my trip to australia .
i gave the bag back to ken .
mary stayed longer than she 'd planned .
when i was traveling from boston to new york , i met a nice girl on the bus .
tom said that he wanted to help mary .
why weren 't tom and mary allowed to go ?
tom spent hours trying to repair the radio .
i think we should get something to eat .
i didn 't know that at the time .
" how are we gonna find the princess with the power going out ? " " maybe there 's a <unk> in one of the rooms . remind me to check ! "
i thought tom might not want to go with us .
they said they could probably do that .
are you planning to talk to tom ?
would you stop <unk> me if i become ugly ?
tom doesn 't even try to help mary .
he 's exhausted .
tom accused mary of lying .
i have lot of work to do before then .
tom is writing a novel , isn 't he ?
mary gave a <unk> set to her son .
tom said he thought that mary wasn 't mad .
tom agreed to let mary win .
tom asked me to protect you .
spring has already arrived . each day is <unk> than the last .
mary was single all her life .
i think that tom is afraid he might lose everything .
i 'd like some coffee if you are making some .
which <unk> should i cut , the red one or the white one ?
tom and mary look nice .
i thought everybody was hungry .
do you know why tom wasn 't at the meeting this afternoon ?
tom does things that i wouldn 't do .
tom voted for the proposal .
that 's a very useful piece of information .
tom didn 't have mary 's permission to do that .
he picked his words carefully .
the question is where .
sami stood outside of the bar space .
tom fired mary yesterday .
how long is the wait at the <unk> crossing ?
tom can do that later .
tom can 't believe how stupid mary is .
isn 't that him sitting on a bench ?
most people here aren 't very good at doing that .
he is reading .
i don 't think that you need to tell tom what mary did .
we saw an interesting program on television yesterday .
never have i seen such a beautiful picture .
she says she isn 't having any fun .
i still have a lot of things i have to do .
the pressure is on .
what did you do to yourself ?
what weather !
that was a delicious meal .
tom didn 't want to be in australia .
he is at home in a <unk> of fields .
how many animal species are there in the world ?
i didn 't know tom and mary were so lonely .
mary seemed to be aware of what she needed to do .
mary was afraid someone would see her .
she admitted that she was married .
i don 't think tom has any friends his own age .
tom doesn 't want to fight .
it 's not as hard as it sounds .
are you saying tom isn 't the one who helped you ?
tom did that just for fun .
tom has just <unk> an alarm system in his house .
you can 't see the forest for the trees .
do you want to eat ?
tom doesn 't blame mary for getting angry .
we went skiing .
have a piece of pie .
i hope that tom won 't do that anymore .
tom looked pleased .
he is attractive in every way .
i don 't know if i want to .
tom said he doesn 't think that mary wants to do that again .
a <unk> was standing at the kitchen door .
she was such a beautiful girl that everybody turned to look at her as she passed .
i 'd never leave my wife .
he wants things done his way .
i didn 't come to work by bicycle today .
it 's very crowded in there .
i think tom and mary will do as they 're told .
tom is lazy .
fadil realized it was time to turn his life around .
they paid all their bills .
i suspect that tom and mary have both been arrested .
our stay has been very pleasant .
what are the chances tom will actually come ?
this park is famous for its roses .
what time yesterday was the concert ?
i 'll be free tomorrow .
mary looks like she 's awake .
tom is someone who can get things done .
aren 't you spending christmas with tom ?
the house is anything but comfortable to live in .
the young man is there .
tom likes boston more than i do .
i 've had a tough afternoon .
tom makes me feel special .
how many years have you been driving this car ?
which are the prime numbers ?
tom has trouble keeping up with the rest of the class .
you don 't think i have anything better to do in life ?
i have no idea what 'll happen .
it should be very simple to do that .
the more <unk> he has , the happier he is .
she said that she wouldn 't do that .
we 've got a lot in common .
do you feel lucky to be alive ?
what colour is your pencil ?
they understood that war might come .
tom stole everything .
tom saw a <unk> pizza on the table .
can you find someone to help ?
i 'll turn on the lights .
unfortunately , our <unk> doesn 't allow this .
i know tom is the kind of person who 'd do that .
they reported the ship to be ten kilometers from <unk> .
they commit most of the <unk> in this country .
i thought that mary would need to do that .
if tom didn 't do it , then who did ?
she sat by herself .
did tom admit it ?
tom didn 't deny it .
why did you do that to her , tom ? she loved you !
tom hasn 't been <unk> by a snake yet .
how many people did you say came to the party ?
i 'm not the one who convinced tom to do that .
how can they do that ?
tom and mary said that they were really motivated to do that .
would you like to talk about the problem ?
tom wouldn 't be happy if we allowed mary to do that .
i didn 't think that tom would really have enough time to finish writing the report .
let 's stop playing games .
i 'll probably be able to come to your party .
you will never understand how i feel .
i want to eat out today .
yesterday is when i bought a car .
tom told mary she didn 't have to do that .
sami was so nice .
what shall i begin with ?
tom and mary have a big family .
i was just trying to be helpful .
i could write her a note if it would help .
i know tom and mary were the ones who did that .
this is all the money i have on me .
please , don 't be angry at me !
don 't feel too sorry for tom .
you didn 't know tom didn 't have time to do that , did you ?
tom and mary told me they 're going to australia tomorrow .
tom and mary swore they wouldn 't do that today .
it 'll just take some time .
i had my personal computer repaired .
i want to have a talk with you .
i regret having to say this .
you 're a better swimmer than tom is .
tom made a phone call to mary .
i shouldn 't have gone to bed so late yesterday .
yesterday a friend of mine that i hadn 't seen in years gave me a call out of the blue asking to borrow money .
i 'm going to take this to my office .
the cat is playing in the garden .
i 'm trying to read here .
tom and mary said they didn 't know john wasn 't able to swim .
the state of <unk> is almost the same size as france .
lady luck is smiling on me , and i 'll be fine .
you aren 't hungry , are you ?
they don 't like to do that .
he said he felt cheated .
that old house is thought to be haunted .
mary is cleaning her room .
sami talked about his parents .
" your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you when she finds out . " " she 'll never find out . "
i 'll ride with him .
you don 't sound so sure of yourselves .
tom certainly knows how to party .
mary planned to visit tom the first chance she got .
mary quit her job .
tom <unk> a lot of reasons why we should do that .
tom lives on a quiet street .
i don 't think tom and mary like doing that .
she was a <unk> woman , with a beautiful <unk> <unk> , large , dark , italian eyes , and a wealth of deep black hair .
tom plans to go to australia next week .
tom isn 't yet very good at doing that .
mary had no idea that she was being cheated .
tom is probably going to get arrested if he does that .
i don 't think i 've done anything wrong .
i can 't work with her .
i 'm going to figure this out .
if it had not been for your help , i would have failed .
i 'm better at french than tom is .
i know that you don 't really mean that .
tom helped here as well .
because of rain , i could not go out .
i have to tell you that i don 't love you anymore .
<unk> fell in love with tom and killed him .
aren 't you going there ?
you knew i was planning on going , didn 't you ?
history <unk> still are not sure what happened .
i found it easy to solve the problem .
tom served a long time in prison .
it 's almost empty .
are we going to lose everything ?
tom was murdered in boston three years ago .
why do you want to buy that for tom ?
i know that it 's difficult .
i 'm such a good lover because i practice a lot on my own .
are you deaf or what ?
day is breaking .
tom realized he was wrong .
how can i make my life less boring ?
you ruined it .
tom and mary said that they could 've done that .
if you don 't want to talk to me , that 's fine .
tom said that yesterday was the <unk> day of his life .
i 'm sure you know what 's going on .
tom refused to listen to me .
tom says he didn 't see anybody .
at the moment , i have no plans to travel .
they aren 't very organized , are they ?
that cost me a fortune .
the street was dark .
please come back tomorrow .
please get all of your <unk> out of this room .
you don 't think i can do it , do you ?
sami was having problems at work .
tom and mary didn 't want me to kiss them .
tom doesn 't want to be left alone .
tom wasn 't the only one who had a key .
he needs his medicine .
i 'm sure tom will be curious .
it doesn 't have to make sense .
tom and mary said it was more difficult to do that than they expected .
i just want tom to go away .
i didn 't tell her everything .
i don 't have any friends who are willing to help me do that .
we 're going to be late for the game .
tom and mary say they didn 't know john would have to do that .
let 's try not to do that again .
she said that she 'd be here .
why don 't you ask your teacher for advice ?
that was the most exciting concert i have ever been to .
they denied they agreed to do that .
let me know your new address .
i 'm pretty sure tom 's rich .
even though all our knowledge begins with experience , it doesn 't all come from experience .
mary looked at her watch again .
tom knows that won 't happen in a day .
it 's really different from what i expected .
i knew we were going to get married the moment i met you .
do other women think like this ?
tom served three years in prison for a crime he didn 't commit .
are you still playing golf ?
you have never said hello to me in all the years i 've known you .
tom was probably happy with mary 's gift .
tom headed that way .
i 've been much happier since then .
you don 't have to be a genius to know who said that .
he advised us to leave early .
i know that tom will sing that song if you request it .
sami lives with us now .
i like that song .
i study after i watch television .
do you think french is easy ?
it was a pleasure meeting you , tom .
did mary say she was going to drink that ?
she 's wearing a cast on her arm .
the earth is like a ball with a big <unk> in it .
<unk> hates doing <unk> , but this morning she 's helping her mother in the kitchen .
tom is coming to see me tomorrow morning .
i should 've brought an umbrella .
feel free to comment on any point made here .
why are you so interested in him ?
tom said that he thought that mary was outside waiting for you .
this happened for a reason .
" is that <unk> that i go get some sugar in me and then work more ? " " <unk> ? " " no , sorry . i 'm just <unk> a bit . "
i already apologized .
for the <unk> of blind passengers , on the <unk> <unk> the station <unk> are in a <unk> voice if you are moving towards the center of the city , and in a female one if you are moving away .
she wondered where <unk> was and what he was doing .
they were sitting on the sofa in our living room .
he must be mad at me .
i 've been keeping something from tom .
i spoke with tom just this morning .
don 't worry about others .
tom and mary let us know they had arrived .
it 's okay if you go in there and take a seat .
we can 't just fire him .
tom looked down at his broken leg .
we don 't want to do that now .
tom is teaching mary a card trick he learned from john .
i asked tom how he did that .
in the first year of her relationship with fadil , <unk> became pregnant .
we talk about that all the time .
we 've almost got it .
tom won 't go camping by himself .
have you shown tom your wedding pictures ?
i had never seen an <unk> in real life .
i had to give it a shot .
if you have something to say , just say it .
it 's ok for someone to think that you 're an <unk> .
tom knew that mary didn 't like him much .
my parents are arguing again .
mary said she 'd only talk to you .
i think tom was the one who was supposed to show mary how to do that .
what kind of food do you like to eat ?
did you know that tom didn 't want to do that ?
he was lying to you the whole time .
where did you guys study berber ?
like all ball , this one doesn 't have a tail .
you must show respect .
our professor has a good reputation .
tom will be early .
tom asked me to help him with his homework .
please tell me how to get to the airport .
tom knew that he wasn 't going to be able to do that .
mary 's older than she looks , isn 't she ?
tom wasn 't reluctant to do that , but mary was .
the ball rolled under the couch .
everything has a particular sound , its alone .
tom should have let his children go camping with us .
stay away from my boyfriend .
there are so many people in the world who are <unk> of <unk> the level of their stomach !
all you 're doing is trying to escape reality .
tom is always talking .
tom and mary can 't do everything by themselves .
this is the true story of fadil <unk> .
everyone wants to be liked .
they 're still in their apartment .
you did your job well .
you should help him .
the police are going to arrest you .
it was a smart move .
tom is here , too .
tom is only a few <unk> taller than mary .
i was up half the night .
buildings are much stronger now than they used to be .
i didn 't like not having enough money .
tom is stubborn , but mary isn 't .
in this flat lives an evil spirit .
when i was a little boy , i often went fishing with my brother in the river .
outside advice may be necessary .
tom is crazy about fishing .
i 'm not going to let tom hurt you again .
i almost never wear a hat .
tom finished his homework before dinner .
tom told mary that she should leave .
sami has betrayed layla in a way .
i 'm so happy that christmas is here .
he said he didn 't want to do that .
i continued doing that for some time .
tom will pay attention to you .
you had better not smoke while on duty .
i don 't think that tom needs to do that until tomorrow .
he didn 't do it by himself .
no one will see us .
i know tom wouldn 't like it if mary did that .
i don 't see what you 're getting at .
he thought he heard a dog barking .
stop making that face .
oh , you don 't want to eat your vegetables ? how about a <unk> in the ass ? no ? then eat and stop <unk> .
i am not older than he is .
they were cooking dinner .
he told me he wasn 't sorry .
i think this place is better than this other place .
i wonder if tom is healthy .
we have been here for three weeks .
tom said that he didn 't think he 'd ever do that .
the doctor said that tom needs to be <unk> to another hospital .
tom asked me if any of my sisters were <unk> .
i think that would be fun to do .
tom wrote a note to mary and left it on her desk .
it isn 't a simple answer .
i suppose it will have to do for now .
mary said she liked the idea .
i 'll go back to boston with tom .
tom wasn 't a brave man .
what makes you think i 'd want that ?
tom ordered an apple juice .
why doesn 't tom just buy a new one ?
sami doesn 't want to miss layla 's videos .
tom and mary are coming back home tonight .
before i joined the army , i was a doctor .
tom had better leave .
i knocked , but no one opened the door .
sami and layla were found kissing in a <unk> .
sami fired his weapon .
tom and mary didn 't eat as much as i thought they 'd eat .
tom is better than i was at his age .
what makes you think tom and mary like you ?
do tom and i need to stay in australia , too ?
i really think you should stop doing that .
it might be time for <unk> to start <unk> on doors too , to spread their message of happiness to the world .
they 're going to find you .
i 'll make you some coffee .
i 've had a change of heart .
are you really tom 's brother ?
didn 't you know tom is from boston ?
i didn 't want to take any chances .
this coat is too small .
i should 've given tom my old <unk> .
you need a bath .
tom isn 't the one who convinced mary that she should learn how to do that .
i didn 't expect the test to be so easy .
i 've learned to listen carefully .
i can 't do this .
what is for dinner today ?
tom and mary won 't be back for a day or two .
i 've never said this before to anyone .
how are we going to get tom to come home ?
the plane is about to take off .
that would 've saved a lot of <unk> .
tom says he doesn 't think mary had to do that .
i 'm not ready for it yet .
tom was really careful not to <unk> the coffee .
i hate to believe it .
layla wanted to meet sami 's girlfriend .
he says he wants to speak to you .
i 'll be the person in charge .
i don 't think that tom will tell anybody .
tom was the only <unk> for the job .
i did read the interview .
tom believed mary when she said she loved him .
haven 't i told you not to call me tom ?
i 've always thought that .
tom said he didn 't need to do that anymore .
tom finds fault with everything i say .
why did he have to die ?
take us there .
she tried to protect her kids .
i think tom might be seeing someone .
you are a small person .
tom could 've been bored .
russian rescue workers are also working in the area of the <unk> .
he told me he plans to go .
why would we celebrate it ?
which is more common ?
i 'm taking these <unk> to the mountain .
mary wants her next house to have an open plan kitchen .
they came to us with a proposal .
i found this book interesting from start to finish .
tom and mary said they didn 't want john to come to their party .
i need to get you home .
i think that tom didn 't do that yesterday .
i never looked back .
are you going to boston tomorrow ?
you don 't have to pay attention to what tom says .
she put on her socks .
you and i are nothing like them .
my business here is done .
tom 's first wife was canadian .
he has his own life to live .
tom wasn 't at all <unk> to stay in the castle , which he 'd heard was haunted .
it 's a pity no one here studies <unk> .
there are animals here .
everyone looked puzzled .
i am bored to death .
tom was the only other person who could do that .
you don 't have to be naked to do that .
i 'm not ready to give up yet .
the lost chance will never come again .
i thought we agreed to <unk> each other before we made any major decisions .
it broke my heart .
can you reach ?
tom and mary are used to that .
i thought this place was supposed to be quiet .
i 'm not making a big deal of it .
tell me where to go .
<unk> , tom will be back on his feet soon .
tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that .
sami and layla had sex in the back of the car .
i thought you enjoyed my company .
how long do you think it 'll take until the pain is totally gone ?
you 're grown men . act like it .
i have a low opinion of her .
mary is an <unk> , isn 't she ?
do you think i should buy this ?
my father was absent from his office yesterday .
i fed my dog what i thought was good quality dog food .
we 've been very busy for the last few days .
she pretended she had a gun .
i heard that mr. <unk> has stayed at that hotel .
even the human race will die one day .
he didn 't look like he was happy .
when i was your age , i had to walk to school .
tom didn 't permit mary to do that .
sami didn 't hear layla crying .
tom and mary are ugly , aren 't they ?
in his opinion <unk> was a failure in many ways .
tom asked me questions .
we 've been expecting you .
the daily newspaper brings the world 's problems to the breakfast table .
i know exactly how tom feels .
tell us about yourselves .
children played around the tree .
you don 't seem to care anymore .
tom was on the phone most of the day .
that 's why i like tom .
how does it help you to <unk> that you are a free man ? don 't you still have to pay taxes on time although they are <unk> to you ?
when will she come home ?
tom and mary can tell me what happened when they get here .
there 's no way tom would do that .
i 'd like for tom to tell you what he did on friday night .
sami couldn 't be more wrong .
tom and mary said that they 'll try to win .
tom admitted that he was the one who stole mary 's bicycle .
mary is tall and so is her sister .
that 's ok .
i won 't let anyone hurt you .
we should 've warned tom of the danger .
tom and mary forgot their glasses .
i also want to see the ocean .
just talk to her .
sami is broke already .
now off with you to school !
mary told me that she thought tom was desperate to do that .
did tom need help ?
we need to meet with them .
i know that tom doesn 't know why i need to do that .
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment .
you 're one of the people in this picture .
it 's going to be exciting .
the bus <unk> in front of my house .
why is the <unk> sweet ? you know that i hate it that way .
how does tom intend to do that ?
if it weren 't for the <unk> , i wouldn 't be able to learn japanese .
i 'm going to the united states .
i can 't figure out anything .
tom is kind of <unk> out about that .
what a beautiful city !
tom needs attention .
tom can 't say for sure where mary lives .
in my opinion , everybody is good but some people are better than others .
do you think anybody knows why tom did that ?
did you ask tom and mary if they want to go with us ?
for the boy to swim across the river was impossible .
are you married to tom ?
we held a pleasant conversation .
she always gives me such an <unk> welcome when i visit her .
the young woman was so beautiful , that even the devil wanted to marry her .
i can 't believe tom quit his job without talking it over with mary first .
my office is in the foreign languages department .
happiness can 't be bought .
you 're not responsible for what tom did .
sami was stealing from the church .
we didn 't invite tom to the party .
that 's why i bought this book .
tom is the person who killed mary .
i didn 't know tom was a singer .
tom should have arrived by this time .
nothing 's more <unk> than a young cat , nor more grave than an old one .
i 'd never have allowed you to do that .
they couldn 't do anything but stand there and <unk> .
i do think that tom and mary are dangerous .
i 'll ask tom about it tomorrow .
lots of people make that mistake .
are you ready for your trip ?
it would be good if you did that for tom .
tom is really quite famous , isn 't he ?
the concert will take place in london this weekend .
mary goes to that restaurant for lunch every other day .
you 've given me no other choice .
what did you find in his pockets ?
fadil had plenty of cash .
only a few escaped to tell the story .
you make me do this .
tom is our only hope .
what makes you think tom isn 't happy here ?
she promised to clean her room .
he complained about his job .
i can 't tell what tom is thinking .
my <unk> is a good friend of mine .
tom can 't do anything right , can he ?
it 's time to make some changes .
please don 't talk to the driver while he 's driving .
we can get a weather <unk> every day .
they want people to pity them .
tom knows why nobody came to his party .
he shouted at the top of his <unk> .
i stopped being mad at you a long time ago .
is it safe to drink this water ?
are you scared of me ?
would you eat this ?
yes , well , that depends .
you should talk faster .
he was a strong boy , full of life , before he was <unk> with the <unk> .
if you want to get a <unk> to go to the united states , you have to go through a lot of <unk> first .
i don 't know why tom and mary were arguing .
how do you know that will happen ?
how do you know that they committed any crime ?
what music do you listen to ?
i didn 't catch what he said .
this is going to be long .
he is well off now .
i wish tom had asked us to help mary .
i want to stay for several days .
tom will want to do that .
what 's the total amount of the bill ?
i don 't think that what i did was wrong .
sami wasn 't allowed to ask those questions .
please hold the line so as not to lose your place in the <unk> .
don 't tell her you 're a <unk> .
is it true that you 're going to study in boston ?
tom said that he 's tried doing that three times .
he has a lot of work to do .
where 's tom 's mother ?
tom and mary said they thought i was the only one who knew how to do that .
i forgot to telephone him today .
tom is still living in boston , isn 't he ?
the rain prevented me from coming .
tom didn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seemed to be .
i need to buy cheese .
i do feel sorry for tom .
tom is right .
sami had his fair share of <unk> at high school .
sami was sleeping around .
she treated me badly .
do you know where tom and mary work ?
the black shoes <unk> the suit very well .
he has nothing against it .
i used to wear a tie to work .
tom thinks that mary won 't be impressed .
tom said he thought he might not have to do that by himself .
never mind what happened .
tom and mary sometimes do that when they 're drunk .
i may have made a mistake .
she knows she 's running out of time .
tom doesn 't have mary to do that for him anymore .
i knew you 'd come , my <unk> .
" how much wine did you buy ? " " half a bottle . "
what 's something that you 'll never do again ?
try harder .
if you see tom , don 't forget to ask him how his wife 's doing .
we read the world wrong and say that it <unk> us .
tom will probably spend the rest of his life in prison .
the sun is very far from the earth .
tom may have done that with mary .
do you know where tom is hiding ?
i ran into him yesterday at the airport .
was there a fire ?
he talked about her illness .
it 's frozen hard .
i don 't want anyone to find where we buried the <unk> .
tom was hungry , but mary wasn 't .
you have asked me if i know the name of the <unk> . i do . the <unk> knowing of his name is a small thing , however , compared with the power of <unk> our hands upon him .
i think that tom will want to see this .
i think i might be able to help you .
i could probably do that in less than three hours .
i didn 't even realize that .
he said he was too young to drive .
tom isn 't very good at eating with <unk> .
where does he live , generally ? in some part of <unk> europe .
it didn 't make much sense .
you guys go and have a good time .
both tom and mary are pretty good <unk> .
do tom and mary go to church every sunday ?
i know tom still does that .
he is able to <unk> passion to reason .
i have just finished reading the book .
he stood on the surface of the moon .
go on foot .
didn 't i tell you tom wouldn 't like it ?
i was punished .
do you have a soup dish ?
layla told police everything that she knew .
tom and mary handed their keys to the <unk> .
i know how scared you must have been .
there can be only one explanation .
tom didn 't seem to be the only one who wanted to do that .
i 'll show you the car i 've just bought .
tom saw mary talking with john .
we blew up a huge rock with <unk> .
she made a wonderful speech at her friend 's wedding <unk> .
don 't be afraid to get your feet wet .
the police want to talk to me .
i think i shouldn 't have done that .
i don 't want to be a bear .
wear your <unk> because it 's already raining .
i want to marry this man .
tom said i didn 't have to decide right away .
tom stayed in the hotel .
i don 't think that i 've ever been this busy .
i bet you work .
we 've been planning this trip for 6 months .
i don 't think tom is irritated .
why are you crying ? it 's just a movie .
tom refused to eat .
tom didn 't seem to be very amused by what was going on .
he makes all his own clothes .
i just want to ask you some questions .
this pillow is very uncomfortable .
if i were you , i would pay more attention to the teacher 's advice .
have you ever traveled by plane ?
tom is wasting time .
tom might be a little overweight .
tom isn 't a happy person .
everyone told me this would happen .
a writing system is a type of <unk> system .
tom turned off the fan .
tom just kissed mary .
tom is losing weight .
it still needs to be answered .
well , that could be helpful .
it tears me up inside .
i deny all those charges .
good news ! there are four hundred and forty four sentences in <unk> .
how will you fight ?
tom said that mary didn 't look like she was enjoying herself .
tom can 't retire yet .
i think he 's about <unk> years old .
sami was the lead detective on that case .
why am i so nice to everyone ?
i ought to break your neck .
tom isn 't going to buy anything today .
tom told me he wanted to meet my parents .
i don 't think tom and mary know how to get to my place .
sami asked that question one more time .
i was kidding before .
i suggest you not say anything else .
i 'll come if necessary .
does this road go to boston ?
look what i made for her .
tom has done everything for us already .
you had a radio .
that 's out of my hands .
i 'm sure that tom will go to australia .
his house stands by a lot of tall buildings .
mary doesn 't know how much time she 'll need to do that .
let us stay .
tom said that i didn 't sound convinced .
we can 't trust them now .
tom is a <unk> important figure in our town .
let 's listen .
tom should have been last .
they serve food there .
tom was just happy to talk to someone .
we 're here for the day .
i didn 't know that tom was asleep .
aren 't you still working for tom ?
he is very direct about it .
keep away from the fire .
no wonder you didn 't find these words .
tom seldom drinks coffee in the evening .
the party ended at nine .
are you serious or are you just putting me on ?
any goods can be <unk> at a day 's notice .
i found that i could not study well with the radio on .
tom thought i might want to do that by myself .
i wonder which language is spoken in brazil ?
tom and mary aren 't themselves today .
they 're ugly .
layla was prepared to die .
there seems to be a lot of rich people living in this part of town .
we 'll never know the reason .
he finished college last year .
his suggestion is worth considering .
tom saw mary and john <unk> with each other .
the party won 't start until tom gets here .
i can 't swim and my mother can 't either .
what did you decide about tom ?
tom says he has no other choice .
suddenly , it began to rain .
tom and mary said that they spoke french last week .
i don 't actually live within boston 's city <unk> .
tom told me that he was hot .
a union army doctor watched the battle from a distance .
tom threw the knife in the river .
tom can 't sing as well as mary .
this is our last chance to do that .
i thought that you 'd be at the bar .
i try to always keep my promises .
tom said he thought that mary might not have to do that this year .
you sound jealous .
i didn 't think that tom would be in boston .
there is no foreign land ; it is the <unk> only that is foreign .
you won 't believe how much money tom gave me for my old car .
i 'm not from boston .
i know tom didn 't know why mary was planning on doing that .
what will that achieve ?
he didn 't like city life .
where are tom and mary supposed to be ?
do you think tom and mary are still angry ?
is tom really going to australia by himself ?
can it get any worse ?
tom is now looking very tired .
i wish i were able to visit boston more often .
he has more sense than to say such a foolish thing .
i suspect that tom and mary were planning on doing that .
some of the cake is left in the kitchen .
what does tom want to do that for ?
sami didn 't have anything against layla .
he won 't survive more than a day .
i don 't know if i 'll be able to help you on monday .
we 're very pleased .
this website is very useful .
i don 't care if you believe me .
i thought you didn 't have secrets from tom .
sami arrived at work .
tom said he was waiting for something to happen .
you looked like you were nervous .
i do like tom .
we may only have a few minutes .
i had to stay .
i was surprised to hear that she passed for a model here .
i can 't hear you well .
i 'm waiting for this trip .
sami was shot six times in the back of the head .
mary claimed that she didn 't cry .
tom said he was tired of doing that .
i 've gained weight and these pants are quite tight .
what salary do you offer ?
i 'm just not attracted to you .
how many times did you go to church last year ?
sami likes this type of video .
where did he see that happening ?
tom and mary walk their dogs at least once a day .
no one can stop us now .
tom is probably innocent .
i know that tom is a very good tennis player .
i know that tom is going to be there tonight .
he 's busy with his homework now .
tom died in 2013 from heart disease .
tom is a very busy man .
i thought about telling tom , and i should 've .
sami and layla didn 't have any bad blood .
tom has killed again .
tom thinks that mary is in australia .
it looks like you were right . tom was the guy who stole mary 's violin .
i 'm very surprised tom wasn 't able to do that .
i heard you passed the test .
as long as you won 't face the truth , you will cry in vain .
why did she have to die ?
nobody lives here .
no one asked me to come here .
you 're on your own , tom .
i don 't think tom and mary really plan on doing that this week .
he thought it over , and decided not to go .
i didn 't think that we could do anything for tom .
ten games were played on the first day .
tom is having the time of his life .
are you saying tom did it ?
i wish to visit boston .
they sent for the doctor .
tom said that he hoped mary would let him walk her home .
we want you to feel welcome .
tom is quite talkative .
i waited outside for them .
layla had a fairly good job .
i thought that tom was going to do that for us .
i 'm very proud of them .
he doesn 't have money to buy himself a new car .
i didn 't know that i was going to be punished .
you had better not go out in this bad weather .
tom began to do that when he was very young .
can you tell me when the next bus will arrive ?
you look like you 're worried .
i 've introduced mary to my parents .
one can hardly find a more <unk> climate .
tom and mary are so delighted that they found an honest and capable <unk> .
i thought that it was delicious .
tom got up early to see the <unk> .
tom wasn 't thinking about his children .
i could tell that tom and mary were in a lot of pain .
call tom and see what he thinks .
give tom something to drink .
we can 't all be like him .
but the <unk> he had spoken of was his body .
tom sure doesn 't seem very worried about what might happen .
the movie was interesting .
i don 't expect to stay very long .
mary told tom that she had a cold .
the price of electricity is going up .
was anybody here while i was out ?
tom and mary say that they 're depressed .
tom will fit in .
did you think about that ?
it 's really nothing to worry about .
what a beautiful sweater !
there 's no need for tom to hurry .
i went to pick you up , but you were already gone .
tom started calling mary names .
there wasn 't much else to do .
tom said mary 's dog seemed friendly .
this child did nothing but cry .
tom is moving to a new house today .
i met someone yesterday who knows you .
i 'm thinking of having dinner at 5 .
tom drank milk .
how heavy is too heavy ?
is it safe in there ?
the grass is dying .
i want you to find her .
the door was closed for good .
she has a cat and two dogs .
what do you wanna eat ?
we can 't find anything wrong .
tom and mary both know you don 't swim very well .
tom wouldn 't leave without telling us .
sami 's car was parked in layla 's <unk> .
tom took out a business card and handed it to mary .
who else knows that i 'm here ?
they still deny they did that .
i don 't see anything suspicious .
i think i know who stole your watch .
mary said she knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself .
how hard is that for you to understand ?
tom was very talkative last night .
she 's very close to her family .
he was ashamed of not having worked hard .
i 'm going to go to the movies .
i know this is strange .
i 've got nothing to do with it .
you should be in bed .
sami wants to do this outside .
you know me better than you realize .
tom currently lives in australia .
are you sure this is the place ?
tom is lost , but is <unk> to admit it .
tom could do his job faster if he 'd let mary help him .
if you think that he 's experienced enough with that , i 'll hire him .
sami can 't see you today .
he sold everything he owned .
this happened often in the fall .
he woke up in a sweat .
we need to follow him .
i 'm starting to learn german .
tom told mary to buy some coffee and <unk> .
mary said she 's not in any hurry to leave .
i should probably just <unk> this in the trash .
your sister can 't swim well , can she ?
tom told me that mary would be suspicious .
please read that book .
mary is used to the heat , isn 't she ?
tom said that he was hoping you could do that with mary .
i 've got a real good feeling about it .
<unk> , we are in the soup now !
it seems like a terrible waste of time .
i can 't understand why anyone would want to do that .
they wouldn 't change their minds .
the results of the experiment were not as we had hoped .
i wasn 't supposed to say yes .
layla 's makeup doesn 't look that bad .
sami was saving that seat for a friend .
tom said that he 's never seen mary dance .
he does that because he likes to .
mary raised her son without any help .
does that really surprise you ?
no one helped us .
tom and mary are hoping that john will do that for them .
i always felt like tom and mary were hiding something .
do you really think you can learn to speak french fluently in three months ?
i know i have to do better .
did anyone tell her ?
he said , " i want to be a doctor . "
just give me some time . i 'm sure i can figure out how to solve the problem .
tom said that he wouldn 't be able to go with us .
would you have the same but in a different colour ?
if you 'll just tell me what you want , i 'll try to get it for you .
tom said mary was willing to help you do that .
tom says that learning a foreign language is hard .
tom doesn 't even care that we 're here .
notice that the selling price is written in red .
tom and mary were surprised when they saw john in boston .
i figured it out alone .
how did you get in here ?
i 'm miserable whenever i do that .
i never knew you had children .
i think tom and mary have lied to us .
his classmates laughed at him at once .
this apple juice is pure .
tom belongs to a large family .
they said that they 're motivated to do that .
get everyone inside .
i will return at 6 : 30 .
sami found a case of <unk> in the fridge .
i think tom and mary went into the woods to kill themselves .
he doesn 't see a joke .
if tom and mary go , i won 't .
sami was obviously too drunk to drive home .
tom wanted to change that .
all these things serve to add to our happiness .
tell tom to meet me at mary 's .
i 'm gonna be so late .
i will get even with you some day .
tom 's in line at the store .
i walked home yesterday .
some people say my love can not be true .
i 've come to see you .
i 'll get in touch with you as soon as possible .
i hope this is the right one .
the time has come for us to escape .
tom and mary are your <unk> , aren 't they ?
tom and mary told john that they 'd help him , but they didn 't .
he has the ability to manage a business .
just when i was about to phone her , a letter arrived from her .
go and help them , tom .
this is the very best way to do it .
that message was sent by tom .
there are several possible ways to do that .
i 've mentioned it to you before .
i know that i can do it .
let 's turn back .
i wasn 't so lucky .
i didn 't know tom and mary were going to do that .
tom has a lot of time .
i 'm looking for a new place to live .
mary said she heard tom say that .
mary has said she 'll do that .
i would have long ago lost track of how many sentences i <unk> to tatoeba , were it not for the count .
i heard her singing in her room .
when was your husband born ?
perhaps you should go somewhere else .
she told me she likes you a lot .
you smell it . do five <unk> tea eggs smell good ?
you 've been told .
tom told me he thought that mary could do that better than he could .
i don 't like this place .
do you think tom would mind if mary did that ?
they found tom , didn 't they ?
layla was wounded .
tom is constantly on the move .
mary said she thought tom was ready to do that .
they said they almost didn 't do that .
are tom and mary nervous ?
tom doesn 't want mary to get involved .
we might actually do that .
tom said that he 'd sort it out .
tom said he saw mary waiting for the bus this morning .
that 's the last thing tom is thinking about .
people used to think that women who looked odd were <unk> .
all three of tom 's brothers can speak french .
i always said tom and mary were smart kids .
i just want her to love me .
i 've never needed anybody 's help before .
i think that tom already knows why mary wanted to do that .
he is what you might call a <unk> .
does anybody have some news ?
tom had a pen , but he didn 't have any paper .
i wonder if there 's really any possibility that tom will do that .
wouldn 't it be better if tom did that with someone else ?
tom is wearing the shirt that mary made for him .
i want them to meet you .
they 're like kids themselves sometimes .
what do you think of this issue ?
he said that he was a canadian .
i 'll tell you whatever you want to know .
you should call him right now .
sami is never going to say this .
don 't talk about me while i 'm gone .
he won the race with ease .
who is the girl standing over there ?
tom said that he thought mary would be sleeping when he got home .
tom didn 't let fear stop him .
i enjoy being with him .
i 'm certain tom will want to speak with you .
he got off to a flying start .
i 'm completely lost .
tom has a picture of a beautiful girl in a <unk> on his bedroom wall .
i wonder if tom is still <unk> at doing that than mary .
you should come back here again .
we have to return to the ship now .
tom said that mary is probably still swimming .
we need better support .
she put salt into her coffee by mistake .
i can 't eat a raw egg ; it must be cooked .
i came out here to enjoy nature .
they did what i asked them to do .
tom knows he 's better than mary .
tom had never thought of that before .
could i please have one more can of beer ?
i can 't believe tom said that .
he admitted he hadn 't been honest .
this isn 't my ticket .
tom is the one who 's going to help you do that .
the <unk> will take it to your house .
tom sat down on one of the <unk> .
tom told me he thought mary was back from boston .
i don 't care who tom goes to boston with .
mary says she doesn 't speak french .
" danger is part of my trade , " i <unk> .
i know tom isn 't committed to doing that .
i think that tom is prepared .
i had long hair and a beard when i was in college .
she 's wearing an orange dress .
they wish to rent it for how long ?
tom did as he said he would do .
he has a perfect body .
tom has been going with jane for almost a year now .
many thanks for this wonderful trip .
tom is very <unk> and can always manage to smile , no matter what 's going on in his life .
he 's almost as tall as me .
mary is acting strange , isn 't she ?
tom doesn 't often leave early .
you can probably do that by yourselves .
i thought tom had quit smoking .
you 'd think tom would 've thanked me .
you 're a really cool guy .
i haven 't yet gotten used to it .
i think i have to go back on a diet after christmas .
i think we should tell tom and mary that they need to do that .
tom and mary said that they 'd be glad to help .
tom said that he thought that mary might be allowed to do that .
i thought that you didn 't like <unk> movies .
tom doesn 't have to worry about anything .
you shouldn 't have come alone .
what have you brought ?
can you get tickets for us ?
i 'm not finished talking to you yet .
sami was charged with the murder of layla <unk> .
i shouldn 't have done what i did .
no other student in the class is as <unk> as he is .
do you have anything better ?
she smiled and accepted my little present .
there 's one person in particular i 'd like to talk to .
she knows i wanted to go with her .
no one else can do it .
it 's obvious tom knows what he 's doing .
she said that she 'd do that tomorrow .
tom definitely had enough time to get the job done .
tom really doesn 't need to do that .
why do you permit it ?
you need to save the princess .
tom didn 't talk about that stuff .
it 's about three kilometers from here to the <unk> .
it will rain perhaps tomorrow .
i should have refused to go to boston .
sami can just reply with yes or no .
believe those who are <unk> truth and doubt those who have found it .
you 're being given a <unk> and a raise in security access level .
i thought that i 'd stay in australia for a couple of weeks in october .
do you go by bus , by train , or by <unk> ?
everyone is special .
so as to keep himself awake , tom drunk a few <unk> of coffee .
the <unk> fire shall be hot to many .
you have to do this whether you like it or not .
tom can reach me at this number any time of day .
she said she was glad you did that .
i don 't think that you should buy that .
both the parents are still living .
tom said that he felt tired .
tom knew it wasn 't the first time mary had done that .
tom 's grades have been <unk> , so he really needs to hit the books .
sami sent layla another letter .
i don 't know whether tom and mary are happy or not .
we have one mouth only .
i thought tom was guilty .
we won !
my parents loved them .
all my friends to whom i sent <unk> came to the party .
i don 't think that tom should be here .
my favourite type of food is chocolate <unk> .
don 't worry . i 'll look after your dog for you .
tom said he didn 't believe mary .
i don 't know when tom is planning to arrive .
tom said that he wondered if mary and i really would be able to do that by ourselves .
mary demanded to look through tom 's text messages .
why don 't we shake on it ?
tom was ok with it .
i think tom will be nervous doing that .
she acted like she didn 't know me .
how often do you do that ?
did you ever have feelings for her ?
mary says she 'll pay back all the money she owes me before monday .
tom told me that he 'll be finished doing that by dinner time .
does tom sometimes go to boston ?
everyone 's looking for him .
i don 't think we can get home by 2 : 30 .
mary said she learned a lot from tom .
because he doesn 't want to marry her , she felt a distance between them .
do you hit your children ?
tom seemed surprised when mary told him that she had to do that .
i know tom is a much better <unk> than i am .
tom probably knew who i was .
he could only wait to see it with his own eyes .
you don 't speak to me about anything . how can i know what 's going on inside your head ?
i promised tom i 'd go swimming with him .
who told you i couldn 't swim ?
mary said she 'll leave soon .
tom admitted he broke the window .
tell tom and mary i 'll meet them at 2 : 30 in the lobby of the <unk> hotel .
sami thought it was you .
i hope they name their dog cookie .
tom isn 't really my kind of guy .
tom said that he didn 't know why .
tom may have been injured .
i got my son to fix the door .
i think both tom and mary are crazy .
i hope tom is in australia for at least three weeks .
i know tom is doing that right now .
mary has known how to do that since she was three .
tom is alone in the living room .
i assume this is what you 're looking for .
don 't believe all the stories he 's put about .
mary soon realized that she was alone .
i want a piece of cake .
fill the bottle with oil , please .
i 'm accustomed to this .
the school is closed due to the snow .
do as your mother says !
most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune .
do you really think tom is busy ?
i made you something to eat .
they 'll be sorry that they didn 't do that .
do you mind if i take a look ?
i want to make certain tom knows what he 's supposed to do .
i think that tom has to go to boston .
it was tom who came first .
i know that tom knows why you did that on monday .
the picture will finish <unk> in three days .
the man was used to <unk> this kind of wound .
tom put the key into his pocket .
what do you know about climate change ?
i don 't think tom <unk> how rude he 's being .
sami can 't go to the dance .
i often do my homework before dinner .
tom told everyone that he and mary had split up .
we never said that we were canadians .
tom said that he 'd also help mary .
how old are you anyway ?
tom says mary can sing quite well .
tom 's hands are bigger than mine .
tom told me he thought that mary was alone .
i thought that i told you i didn 't want you to do that .
what was the cause of the explosion ?
fadil really had no problems .
tom believes that he can do that .
where can i get the map ?
i knew tom lied to me .
i thought that you said you didn 't need to do that .
sami was waiting outside .
sami worked for a clothing company .
who 's in control ?
i 'm the expert .
tom makes his own original christmas cards every year .
she went to the store on her bike .
sami was the only black kid that lived in the whole neighborhood .
tom is a little slow on the <unk> .
sami paid for everything .
mary is washing her face .
they 're just jealous .
mary lost her job last month .
mary said she was very unlikely cry .
even men sometimes cry .
mary is <unk> to leave , isn 't she ?
is there anything on the floor ?
i don 't feel at home in her company .
i want her to see this .
sami is not going to be yours , you <unk> !
tom could 've kicked himself .
tom told me that he thought mary was <unk> .
tom betrayed mary .
it would mean a lot to tom if you showed up at his party .
the lady of honor , being as sharp set as the other <unk> , grew very impatient , and told the princess <unk> that the meal was served .
i 'm very proud of our company .
i 'm very fortunate that that hasn 't happened .
i didn 't know that tom knew why i didn 't want to do that .
i 've been waiting for almost half an hour .
i 'm very busy here .
come near the fire .
sami showed layla a card trick .
sami went inside layla 's apartment .
they said that they isn 't going to do that .
i knew that tom was afraid of everybody .
tom isn 't a young guy anymore .
he was brave in the face of danger .
i want you to keep an eye on tom for me .
i 'll take this : i like the colour .
there 's a soccer match tomorrow .
why doesn 't tom leave ?
layla looked out the window and saw sami 's car .
why isn 't tom with you ?
i did that in boston .
i can 't believe i forgot .
is john your name ?
i don 't want to buy it for you unless i 'm sure you want it .
tom said he would try to make it to our party tonight .
he asked me what i expected .
i was wondering if you could help us .
you 'll do exactly what you want , i bet .
tom didn 't know what mary was up to .
i didn 't see anybody else .
no , not really .
they say that they can 't go any further .
he asked me if i wanted to go abroad .
you can 't appreciate the poem until you have read it many times .
how many weeks do you think tom will stay in boston ?
tom will be upset if he doesn 't win .
the <unk> it 's his most remembered role .
i think tom is about half mary 's age .
mary says she 's not sleepy .
they look like they 're mad .
tom thinks he 'll get straight a 's .
i should have let tom sing .
mary told tom that she didn 't think john was jealous .
i don 't know how much money tom has in the bank .
this is a beautiful field of <unk> in france .
are you sure tom was the one who did this ?
they helped each other do homework .
i am not alone in thinking so .
if it were only me , i 'd stay and help .
i know that tom and mary are intoxicated .
i 'll try that .
i 'm not ready to settle down .
what do tom and mary need this for ?
tom told a few jokes to warm up the audience .
turn off the oven , <unk> open the oven door and let the <unk> cool for one hour .
tom promised his mother he 'd do his homework .
please don 't die !
sami won 't do this to layla .
i can 't remember what you told me i should do .
they had to buy their <unk> in new york .
i eat like a teenager .
tom works at a local hospital .
tom didn 't think mary would be back so soon .
mary said she couldn 't resist doing that .
my sister still lives with our parents .
i wonder where tom is planning to do that .
how much money did tom lose playing <unk> last night ?
tom wasn 't sure he wanted to do that .
i had to put back the hotel <unk> for rome by three days .
don 't rely on what he says .
tom is someone we can trust .
you should have gotten up earlier .
tom and i already know each other .
nobody recognized you .
i know that you love her .
they could buy everything they needed .
sami and layla have been together for six months .
tom said that wasn 't likely to happen this morning .
tom has been waiting <unk> in the lobby for three hours .
i am so sorry , i didn 't see you .
i have a lot of things i want to sell .
i 'm in charge of shopping .
i bought a large pair of sunglasses .
thank you for calling me .
you need to be more careful the next time you do that .
there really wasn 't anything the doctors could do to tom .
i was shocked at the sad news .
he taught me how to write .
i assume that it 's clear to you now why we couldn 't hire tom .
tom and mary said they won 't go <unk> .
do you think that you could do that by yourselves ?
mary is very religious , isn 't she ?
mary lied about her grade .
she warned a student .
tom wished mary could stay longer .
tom is the only one who really knows what happened .
i wonder whether mary 's friends would help her .
tom wasn 't happy to see mary there .
i went to boston with tom .
i don 't think that tom knows what time i woke up this morning .
he told me that he 'd leave .
he came back last night around nine .
where do you think you are ?
<unk> , tom , this is so nice !
sami made some mistakes .
if only you had helped me yesterday , the problem would 've been <unk> .
he said they were responsible for the present problem .
and then he realized that his <unk> had come to an end , and that there , on that <unk> <unk> , he was about to die .
where did he get these clothes ?
we were afraid this might happen .
i want to teach berber .
tom should 've been fine .
he was sent to save the princess .
no less than one hundred people were present .
tom said that he might not do that .
tom is nearly thirty years old now .
to be allowed to drive you need a <unk> .
it 's more complicated than i <unk> thought .
my parents persuaded me not to travel alone .
the old lady made her a present of it and insisted she should have it .
sami is interested in seeing this .
layla did my hair .
in times like this , we should all pull together .
hey , can anybody hear me ?
tom and mary said they thought i might be permitted to do that .
this room can hold three hundred people .
" you 're the <unk> person i 've ever met . " " you say that to everyone . "
i really love the sun .
this is a map of boston .
tom had a son who committed suicide .
construction could begin in october .
tom is important .
i think we should call tom .
i slept with the radio on .
you should have seen the film .
tom doesn 't know whether the concert went well or not .
you warned tom not to do that again , didn 't you ?
i 'm fine , thank you !
tom is probably not very sleepy yet .
i think that tom wouldn 't be better at doing that than mary .
tom is very kind .
sami is looking .
mary said she thought tom wasn 't going to win .
sami lost his memory .
tom believes he could do that .
tom is trying .
i almost started to cry .
you don 't seem to be as <unk> as tom seems to be .
his words are severe , but on the other hand he is kind .
i 'll make you a sandwich if you want one .
sami doesn 't care about that .
mary said she thought doing that wouldn 't be any fun .
he said he 'd rather not swim .
i wonder whether tom and mary are really interested .
i 'm not surprised that tom didn 't win .
tom seemed to be very content .
tom is a <unk> member of our community .
i 'll call you as soon as i arrive in boston .
where do dreams come from ?
what kind of music do you like to play ?
you 're the cool one .
tom handed mary a brown bag .
do not show a <unk> to a blind man walking in the dark .
it 's not easy to explain .
breakfast is already prepared .
tom doesn 't really think mary could do that , does he ?
tom spent a few years in boston when he was in college .
mary said she wouldn 't have enough time to do that today .
i 'm on leave .
they do as they 're told .
tom wasn 't able to fix his car by himself .
i 'm used to this kind of heat .
you 're not going to get in trouble for helping me .
tom put the book back on the shelf .
he was born in this very room .
tom might talk to you .
tom has already been put to death .
tom says people in boston are terrible <unk> .
let him try .
i 'm your captain .
some of these apples are bad .
i don 't think that tom will be confused .
we have no drinking water .
sami was living a nice life .
tom didn 't actually do what he said he did .
have a good time !
tom looked over the file .
you 'll see it .
you can go home if you want to .
you know tom no longer has to do that , don 't you ?
what time did tom want to leave ?
we thought it was our duty to do that .
i 'm blind in the right eye .
sami had a lucky escape .
i 've never even had a girlfriend .
do you think tom is any good at doing that ?
the owner 's explanation is clear .
it depends on many things .
i actually waited about three hours .
all i want now is a glass of water .
i want to escape .
i think we can catch him .
she is always smoking .
tom 's light is on , so he 's probably awake .
i don 't have very many of these .
he went to america to study english .
how would you like to do that with me ?
i sent you an e-mail .
i didn 't know that tom and i weren 't supposed to do that by ourselves .
don 't forget tom will need your help doing that .
i feel like that i have seen you before .
he slept all day .
i 'll be going to boston next week , but i 'm not really looking forward to it .
professor west is almost as old as my father .
we study french together .
if i were my father , i would have chosen australia for <unk> , as the climate there <unk> prefer , as much as i do .
keep on smiling .
why do you love me ?
he stayed in france for a while and then went to italy .
i didn 't think tom should do that .
sami could have committed suicide .
tom 's dog suddenly took off after a squirrel .
i know that tom has never been very good at doing that .
i have no intention of staying here in australia .
tom has to cook dinner tonight .
tom should have known better than to lend money to mary .
i was very annoyed .
can i have a moment alone with tom , please ?
i suggested that we end the meeting .
bill <unk> with his classmates on every subject .
have you ever been to boston before ?
mary said she didn 't know what tom had to do .
we have enough already .
this 'll do .
tom crashed his car a week after he bought it .
i won 't die .
my legs are smaller than yours .
tom and mary say that they 've done that .
tom says mary doesn 't want to do that .
if tom <unk> , i 'll be happy .
tom was hit by a golf ball .
she has never forgotten those rules .
tom didn 't have any place to go .
she goes to the supermarket once a week .
i can 't leave boston .
<unk> decided not to wait for an answer .
what an expensive piano !
are you just saying that ?
tom and mary might help you if you ask them <unk> .
i thought that i 'd be able to do that today .
i know that tom is depressed .
tom and mary said that they understands our concern .
tom said that he regretted what had happened .
tom could 've been badly hurt .
they said that they did that for you .
i don 't know if she wants to come with me .
what happens today ?
this will save you a lot of trouble .
this book being very difficult , i can 't read it .
i 'd like to be alone .
tom has two daughter who are married and one who isn 't .
i had no idea that you knew tom .
money isn 't everything , but if you have no money , you can 't do anything .
i was born in osaka , but was brought up in tokyo .
i never expected your support .
i think tom may have been drunk .
tom has been great .
tom planned on going alone .
you are absolutely not allowed to leave this house .
i will answer for the result .
i 'll tell you some things about australia that you probably don 't know .
it 's not ready yet .
a laughing girl was standing before us .
we 'll do that later .
tell tom that i 'm eating .
i opened an eye .
i know tom hasn 't done that .
i really loved them .
mary looks like she 's prepared .
i hope i 'm not bothering anybody .
i 've got that .
tom doesn 't really know what to buy .
do you still feel like eating out tonight ?
we don 't often do that .
i don 't have a car yet .
i think we should tell her .
i don 't want to go to the dentist .
tom wouldn 't even let me say anything .
tom has a plan for everything .
i will be busy next week .
she fired her gun .
happy when <unk> , but upset when having to return it .
tom said he planned to go on monday .
you 're not looking at the big picture .
tom seems relieved .
my uncle 's car is faster than mine .
she believes that he is innocent .
tom said that he thought that mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older .
i don 't think tom would be doing that if he didn 't need to .
mary wouldn 't have gone to boston if she didn 't have to .
i wasn 't married then .
change came quickly .
are you attracted to tom ?
tom is back where he belongs .
anybody else would 've done the same thing .
as his eyes ran over the paper , his <unk> fell .
tom 'll quit .
tom and mary say they don 't need to do that now .
tom put some <unk> potatoes on his plate .
who would do this ?
i was saying that i didn 't think that it was weird at all .
he said he didn 't want to dance .
i 'm sure tom will be generous .
they told us that they knew the <unk> .
tom pretended he was sick so he wouldn 't have to go to school .
do you feel like dancing ?
she 's going to miss her flight .
i 'm just going to lie down for a minute .
did you know it was raining ?
i 'll get in .
tom apparently didn 't do what he said he would do .
tom lived on park street for many years .
on many <unk> i don 't agree with him .
i have a lot to be <unk> for .
what 's become of the original plan ?
i was watching them .
i hope i 'll never have to do that again .
tom isn 't likely to use that anymore .
the train was late because of an accident .
i 'll have plenty of time to do that next week .
it is <unk> that young japanese today should show little interest in the <unk> culture of their country .
although her parents had said no for a long time , they finally let her go to europe alone .
we didn 't help them escape .
you do like us , don 't you ?
tom thinks we 're crazy .
i love being at harvard .
tom and mary said they would never hurt anybody .
tom said he thought that mary might be permitted to do that next weekend .
it 's not over .
tom filled the glass with water .
you can borrow my car if you want .
he left the money at home .
you have work hard if you want to succeed .
that sounds like a very good deal .
how could you do this to me after all we 've been through together ?
tom has no interest in sports at all .
you should probably not tell tom that you can 't do that .
tom doesn 't really know how old he is .
you 're as beautiful as ever .
i 'm also thinking about us .
sami went to work .
mary has made her decision .
tom and mary have probably known how to do that since they were <unk> .
sami doesn 't have to do this if he doesn 't want to .
tom and mary didn 't know they didn 't need to do that .
she came to live with her aunt .
tom said that he regretted his decision to do that .
tom and i are scared .
please don 't let tom leave before i get there .
i wonder what the difference is between a friend and a lover .
aren 't you going to introduce me to your date ?
how 's the wine , and how 's the beer ?
that child 's constant screaming gives me gray <unk> .
take off your coat .
tom wanted to leave mary .
tom is a very ambitious person .
she bought a tea set .
you can have your stuff back .
i hope tom is optimistic .
she 's starting to feel desperate .
that 's what i was looking for .
i forgot that tom didn 't speak french .
i thought that tom had already bought the tickets .
i am a big golf fan .
is anybody going to pick tom up ?
i know tom has a pool .
it was a big mistake .
i think you ought to <unk> the meeting .
tom has been very understanding .
tom is troubled by what happened .
it is taken for granted that students know how to express themselves .
i thought you said you 'd do that on monday .
tom said that he was asked to do that again .
i always pay the rent on time .
are we allowed to do that ?
how does he teach his kids manners ?
sami was married once before .
tom was the one who made me eat it .
when did you meet them ?
we must learn from our past .
a set of <unk> was once in effect .
i should 've asked tom to do that for me .
i thought tom and mary were going to ask me not to do that .
i 'm staying at a hotel not far from here .
i think that 's what tom and mary were trying to tell me .
can you keep an eye on tom ?
it will take some time before he understands it .
tom is probably not going to be able to do that .
they said they were exhausted .
they 're engaged at the moment .
yesterday 's weather wasn 't so good .
what time did you go to sleep ?
you 'd better be ready by 2 : 30 .
he suddenly stopped talking .
i was wondering if you 'd mind if i <unk> .
it took us a while .
i have the keys .
sami was direct and <unk> about his opinions .
i have to catch up the lost time .
this person is not my friend .
i 'll be more careful next time .
it 's best not to get involved in this problem .
i 'm just as worried as you are .
i know he sells stolen cars .
you are young . i , on the other hand , am very old .
it 's hard for me , but i must discuss it .
he was playing with a toy .
the company canceled the project .
there are only three girls in the class .
you must really like doing that .
she acted in the play .
tom jumped .
sami and layla did not talk at all .
what good has there ever been in getting angry at things which don 't even care that we 're angry ?
tell me what you bought this afternoon .
mary said that wasn 't why she did that .
i don 't know if we 're going to make it on time .
something is starting to happen .
we 're hoping to visit boston this summer .
tom was fast asleep when mary entered the room .
if you show me your tongue , i might show you mine .
why did mary quit her job ?
mary is still crying , isn 't she ?
i have a question for you .
i thought we should discuss tom 's request .
when in doubt , in <unk> of the accused .
we need to find out where tom and mary are hiding .
the church is in yourself , for your body is the <unk> of the living god .
he has done all he can .
i knew tom didn 't want to do that with mary .
tom didn 't want one .
he means the play to be a <unk> .
is there something you want to get off your chest ? come on , you can tell me .
tom and i fight about everything .
we are learning arabic .
why didn 't tom tell us this ?
when does it end ?
that 'll be $ 30 .
i wish you had let tom come with us .
tom said that he 's been told not do that anymore .
we 'll be right back .
he says he doesn 't think he <unk> .
please eat some cake .
i was just talking to your mother .
tom is going to try to do that .
tom was a fruit fly , but he died .
he <unk> his workers to eat at the office .
tom and mary told me that they often dream in french .
where did all the bread go ?
i 've heard enough of your lies , mary .
tom is convinced that something is wrong with mary .
i don 't think that tom knows why mary is doing that by herself .
did tom go , too ?
as soon as he graduated , he went to work in his father 's general store .
i have work to do , so go away and leave me alone .
mary said that she 'd win .
how can we meet new people ?
tom told everyone he was lonely .
i didn 't know tom and mary didn 't need to do that .
i thought that you said that you wanted to go with us .
tom thought it was unfair .
i had some problems to take care of .
mary pushed her plate away .
our music teacher advised me to visit <unk> .
tom and mary can 't really be as rich as people say they are .
tom and mary said that they 'd try to do that today .
the building was totally destroyed by the earthquake .
tom and mary wished they hadn 't won .
i am friends with her .
mary said she thought tom was mad .
she needs to see her lawyer .
tom said that he didn 't think really happened .
sami liked to fast on mondays and <unk> .
i 'd like to get together with you before i leave for europe .
if i ignore it , it will go away .
i know tom is a better cook than his mother .
mary wants to <unk> her baby , but she 's not making enough milk .
my father is interested in ancient history .
my father can sing well , but my mother can 't .
he was made to go there .
i don 't like <unk> food very much .
i would like to visit egypt , one day .
i 'm probably going to do that again today .
sami was very busy during the day at work .
tom looks more determined than ever .
you seem a kind man .
it 's a big country , tom .
tom made that mistake on purpose .
if it sounds too good to be true , it 's probably not true .
who is going to pick up the <unk> for this ?
they continued their investigation .
i 'm not going to be embarrassed anymore .
she 's with a government <unk> , isn 't she ?
tom and mary say that they want their things back .
think about it !
he 's on his own now .
let 's get out of the taxi .
tom could easily have said no .
would you like it now ?
tom still has a lot of apples .
tom told me he thought that mary was sorry .
i don 't think tom would really want to do that .
i think it necessary for him to stop smoking .
i don 't think that 's the solution .
please continue with your story . it 's really interesting .
mary is quite <unk> , isn 't she ?
i don 't care for moving pictures .
he talked about his expectations .
tom and mary are uncomfortable .
she said that she 's pessimistic .
you should really go home now .
we want jobs .
we have a big job ahead of us .
<unk> fell down the stairs and was seriously injured .
tom was placed in <unk> care when he was three years old .
why were they scared ?
do tom and mary want to rest ?
she knows how to play the guitar .
tom said that mary 's horse is a lot faster than his .
tom lives in the apartment next door .
tom has a terrible crush on mary .
tom and i were like brothers .
i was deeply impressed with the <unk> music .
thanks for staying with me .
tom could be useful to us in the future .
mary said she thought she might have to do that .
they promised tom he 'd be paid $ 30 an hour .
did tom study for today 's exam ?
you don 't need to go there if you don 't want to .
tom told mary that she should be more careful the next time she did that .
i tried to read through the book , which i found impossible .
go to your room and think about what you did .
i 'll take a long warm bath .
even though it wasn 't easy , i was able to do that .
her article was published today .
the watch is slow .
john is above telling a lie .
you seem to be sleepy .
my younger brother lives in boston .
tom and mary probably didn 't do the work themselves .
fine . believe whatever you want .
i hope that tom and mary come .
why did they fire you from the <unk> ?
the person who 's doing that now is tom .
i thought that you weren 't coming .
they believed that this time must be different ; that their voice could be that difference .
we wanted the best , you know the rest .
there is nothing to apologize for .
i don 't feel like doing anything , and i 'm not getting up to turn on the fan .
sami will get layla another gift .
i look forward to meeting you again soon .
i was almost in tears .
why would tom come back now ?
mary can have as many cookies as she wants .
that 's the least of it .
tom and mary said they couldn 't do that anytime soon .
it isn 't like you 're going to get arrested or anything .
when can you let me know the result ?
what sort of information do you get on the internet ?
if you <unk> me , i 'm warning you , i won 't go down alone .
tom asked mary to tell him the truth .
my name doesn 't seem to be on the list .
a cat doesn 't accept a master .
he admitted he was troubled .
now we are having one cold day after another .
tom looked out the window at the snow while he was sitting in the hot bath .
in the same way ?
it 's right here .
tom is planning on being there .
tom thinks that mary is suspicious .
find out what tom and mary are carrying .
so , do you really want to do this ?
listen carefully and do exactly what i tell you .
they said that they knew that how i felt .
see to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow .
my theory is that he followed <unk> as far as the <unk> road . when there , a fresh <unk> <unk> between them , in the course of which <unk> received a blow from the stick , in the <unk> of the stomach perhaps , which killed him without leaving any mark .
let 's go and surprise him .
this is taking way too long .
i don 't see how you can still be a native american if you have lost your language and culture .
i think that i made the right decision .
i didn 't know whether tom would be able to do that or not .
who told you i wouldn 't be able to do that by myself ?
mary is in the bathroom , putting on makeup .
you came into my room .
sami no longer has layla in his life .
we must achieve our <unk> at any price .
sami has to sit away from the air <unk> .
who did tom say he was going to go to australia with ?
tom told everybody he was interested .
tom is a <unk> and he <unk> his hands several times every hour of the day .
i almost kissed tom .
tom almost always does that by himself .
sami betrayed his own family .
let 's learn from this .
we weren 't able to save them .
when did you finish your studies ?
he added that he was coming up to town in a day or two .
put your hands in the air .
what was the last concert you saw ?
he knew that he was overweight .
he said he wasn 't sleepy .
i do this work for free , simply for the pleasure of doing it .
i 'll go out and buy one as soon as i can .
please remember that anything tom told us could be a lie .
no one told me .
tom said he thought mary wasn 't worried .
since he started at eight , he ought to be there by now .
sami cut all his hair off .
do you want me to call the police ?
what do you think i should give tom for christmas ?
we were all shocked .
she said she 'd never ever do that .
tom doesn 't drive .
tom <unk> an egg over mary 's head .
tom has hated dogs and cats his whole life .
tom and mary said they 're not worried about that .
tom told me not to go into the cave .
the house is big .
i have three little girls .
she had nothing else in the world .
his way of looking after the animals is very <unk> .
i 'm coming to australia .
tom said he wanted to go .
i have to walk back to the hotel .
i don 't want you eating between meals .
she bought him some candy .
<unk> has very little patience , and it doesn 't take much to make him fly off the handle .
i don 't think that i hurt mary .
i know where tom keeps his important papers .
there were green fields as far as the eye could reach .
mary built it .
tom says he saw mary when he was in boston .
i didn 't wake mary up and she slept for another three hours .
sami find this really weird .
mary admitted she wasn 't sure .
round here , we make the law .
he told me he was upset .
didn 't you read what i wrote ?
tom probably doesn 't know why mary is scared .
tom said that mary has been <unk> to do that .
do you remember the day when we saw the accident ?
look it up .
mary isn 't worried about what might happen if she did that .
i know he likes jazz music .
tom is likely going to be depressed when he sees how much <unk> remains to be done .
where is the school ?
i don 't think tom knows what mary wants .
we 're just trying to help you .
layla lived in a neighborhood where anybody would like to raise a family .
i knew that tom would do that if he had the chance .
how have you come ?
tom certainly seemed upset .
the only ones here who can 't do that are tom and mary .
i convinced tom he should go to australia with me .
it is so quiet you can hear the clock <unk> behind the wall .
tell me about your family .
i thought that you said that you couldn 't do that .
tom definitely needs to do that .
women deserve equal rights .
tom was also having fun .
as soon as we got there , it began to rain .
a guy named tom came to see you yesterday .
tom thinks mary is lonely .
tom doesn 't owe us anything .
take this medicine after meals .
one thing i don 't ever want to do again is spend time in prison .
it looks like tom 's been a busy man .
tom said mary was too tired to help you do that today .
mary told tom that she thought john was bored .
they rarely talk about their problems .
anything you want , my dear .
why is tom staring at me ?
i can 't afford eating in such an expensive restaurant .
maybe tom 's got something to hide .
tom advised mary not to drive too fast in a school <unk> .
who did tom think would help mary ?
the <unk> said i should make my book shorter .
it 's far too dangerous .
has tom ever asked you to help him ?
now what ?
tom did his best to catch up .
tom and mary are both planning on being at your party .
london is no longer a city of <unk> .
tom asked if i wanted to do that .
layla doesn 't wear the hijab .
i have one of those , too .
she will have her own way .
tom lies to you all the time .
he knows what he 's doing .
the headache i had this morning has gone away .
why did you quit your job ?
i think everyone already knows that .
many <unk> demanded an end to the war .
tom is a weird one .
tom wanted to open his own restaurant .
they were very tired indeed .
did he go home yesterday ?
tom is due back monday .
he has the rice and a sandwich .
take a picture of me .
i don 't think tom really has to do that again .
tom didn 't even try to convince mary he was innocent .
tom heard a couple of people talking in the next room .
tom couldn 't get in touch with mary .
tom told me he thought that mary was <unk> .
i wish my children were as well <unk> as yours .
they want me to give them a loan .
tom thinks that mary is in boston .
tom doesn 't know anybody in australia .
the day when we first met was a rainy day .
our grandparents would come to see us on the <unk> .
computers are difficult , so i get confused .
the temperature has fallen since morning .
mary will probably tell tom she 'll do that .
she said she had a job for me .
tom said mary knew john might need to do that today .
they can 't control their children .
they told me that they 're ready .
go back to your seats .
the room <unk> like someone had been smoking .
stop crying !
what about tom ?
where were you in october ?
tom flew to boston on business .
i can 't believe you just suggested that .
i pretended not to understand french .
tom isn 't the only one in the room .
i 'm not the one who usually <unk> the garden .
i love autumn .
that hospital is one of the oldest <unk> in the city .
then <unk> wanted to finish his degree , work at <unk> , and keep on living .
he said that he 'd wait for us .
tom said he thought he might be required to do that .
i hear you very well .
it 's been a while since i rode a horse .
she doesn 't like to sing sad songs .
tom said that he didn 't remember asking me to do that .
do you have a suggestion ?
tom had a <unk> hanging on the wall behind his desk .
why is tom in such high <unk> today ?
how did you know where to find us ?
i know that tom and mary have both been injured .
i 'm not calling you by name .
mary lives alone with her cat .
i 've been living in boston for almost three years .
i wonder whether tom was fired .
tom headed back to boston .
tom and mary want you to do it so they don 't have to do it themselves .
i consider the matter closed .
i know you like me .
tom didn 't recognize the person sitting next to him .
fadil was shot six times .
tom isn 't the one who told me you had to do that .
where is an american restaurant ?
where is the hospital ?
good students always keep their desk clean .
tom doesn 't seem to be paying attention .
they told me that they ate too much .
you 'll find that apartment cool .
let 's wait and see .
people wanted the good life .
i have already done that .
tom and mary have injured themselves .
the door had been left open .
can you bring her ?
mary spread false <unk> about kate 's parents .
did you know tom was planning to go swimming tomorrow ?
tom gets along fine with mary .
is anybody waiting on you ?
i didn 't deserve to go to prison .
tom and mary are both nervous , aren 't they ?
mary eventually changed her mind .
now i know why .
tom had his shirt <unk> when i saw him this morning .
tom asked me for more money than he really needed .
tom believes that ghosts exist .
i 'll get rid of it .
tell mary she has to do everything tom asks her to do .
give it to her .
it was very difficult to tell the twins apart .
maybe i 'll just stay here with tom .
tom lives in the house across the street .
don 't tell anyone about our plan .
tom said that he remembered seeing mary do that .
i wish i could go with you .
i agree with you that the actor is very talented .
tom told me the picnic has been canceled .
you 're actually late .
are you prepared for that ?
you 're not that scary .
have you ever opened this door ?
i 'm much stronger than you are .
it 'll start raining soon .
i don 't think that i could live with tom .
alice smiled .
tom is better prepared this time , so he should be able to do it .
i never thought that would happen .
i never thought it would wind up like this .
he didn 't die in vain .
i don 't hug my children as often as i should .
tom and mary used to make fun of john , but they don 't anymore .
do you have any in blue ?
you didn 't think i let you down , did you ?
tom spends a lot of time on his computer .
i thought that tom and mary were <unk> .
i 'm leaving first .
once you get to know her , she is very friendly .
are tom and mary doing better ?
to layla , sami is a devoted husband .
he loves me too .
it sounds like fun .
mary said she doesn 't think tom really wants to do that .
just sit down and relax .
i met tom for a drink after work .
are you still coming to dinner ?
generally speaking , children like to play <unk> .
many people are afraid of traveling by plane .
why didn 't you tell him this ?
you 're a good actor .
sami 's father accepted islam .
she was <unk> at the way she had been treated .
be calm .
few people live to be more than a hundred .
at last the game is up .
it may have been tom who broke this window .
i 'll see him in the morning .
tom and mary lived in australia when they were younger , i think .
i think tom doesn 't know he 's supposed to give a speech today .
i 'm sure they 're working on <unk> the problem .
tom said he would wait .
you didn 't tell anybody about what we did , did you ?
we 're not taking any chances .
i did it again .
tom knows that mary is planning to go to boston .
i am feeling dizzy .
tom said that he thought he might be required to do that today .
they both began to cry .
i told tom what i like .
i think i 'm in big trouble .
they are high school students .
i 'm worried about her , too .
tom and mary both wanted to go to boston .
i 'm not sure who tom 's married to .
tom and mary were mad at me because i wouldn 't do what they asked me to do .
i can feel everything you feel .
i want to make you work harder .
if you 'd prefer a room closer to the <unk> center , please let us know .
tom says there 's no chance that he 'll be fired .
he gave it to me .
i know that tom won 't allow me to do that .
i hit tom .
he is an old man and should be treated as such .
who is your friend ?
tom was talkative , but mary wasn 't .
tom and mary don 't sleep in the same room .
run along , child .
do you know someone who knows about air <unk> ?
i lost my passport in australia .
tom said that he 'd never eaten raw fish .
did he tell you he was <unk> 's husband ?
i made <unk> at him to come here with my hand .
tom and mary said he didn 't believe john actually did his homework by himself .
i should have been able to do that in three hours .
you 'll never get them to agree .
how long has tom been living in australia ?
do you want to spend the rest of your life alone ?
i 'll have to explain that to my father .
hurry up , and you 'll catch the bus .
they said that they were going to quit .
i don 't know why tom is supposed to do that .
i may be back .
how many more years do you think tom will need to do that ?
don 't play dumb . i know you .
we quickly became friends .
my name is <unk> , so they call me bob for short .
let 's try to have a good time .
i don 't think i can do this anymore .
i don 't drink or smoke .
but while we will never know fully what causes somebody to take the life of another , we do know what makes life worth living . <unk> ... <unk> our time here is <unk> and it is <unk> .
tom was hung up on mary .
you 'll be able to do that if you put your mind to it .
i don 't think tom is still single .
i know tom might get hurt if he tries to do that .
i can 't keep pretending anymore !
i promised mary that we 'd help her .
you better not open your mouth .
tom and mary lost everything they had .
i live on the third floor .
in japan , it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from <unk> until <unk> .
tom said that he thought that mary looked discouraged .
sami was getting ready to move to cairo .
he broke his leg skiing .
tom thinks you should study french .
tom said he hadn 't had a good <unk> meal in a long time .
the committee <unk> into the cause of the accident .
i asked tom and mary to come yesterday , but they didn 't come .
tom said he thought he could help mary do that .
sami is very friendly .
tom told his boss he had to leave early .
i told tom that i don 't have time to do that .
i hope that it goes well for you and that you <unk> from the sun .
i can 't speak the berber language , but someday i will speak it well .
i didn 't know you could cook this well , tom .
why did they change their minds ?
sami is an international student .
good luck !
tom stared up at the ceiling .
i thought i heard an explosion .
we did it right this time .
" will you have another cup of coffee ? " " no , thank you . "
let 's get one thing straight first .
i want to do everything i 'm expected to do .
tom and i 'll do our best .
so , tell me , what have you learned in russian this week ?
she invited me over for coffee .
i want one right now .
everyone would be happy if tom left and never came back .
i was hoping that tom wouldn 't do that .
our teacher is patient with us even when we ask silly questions .
what kind of nonsense is that ?
is your daughter here ?
tom doesn 't think he needs to do that .
guys , i 'm really mad at you .
i knew tom might get injured if he tried to do that .
no one wants to hug tom .
did tom say why mary isn 't here today ?
even the <unk> sentences are better off in the hands of native speakers .
do you think tom likes his job ?
tom probably won 't be able to do that without mary 's help .
i want everyone to bring their children .
i suspected tom was confused .
we could drive to boston for the weekend .
i 'm sure she 'll be delighted to meet you .
tom doesn 't want mary to kiss him in public .
tom couldn 't get that .
neither tom nor mary has gone back home to boston .
we were all wondering where you went .
sami and layla were building a life together .
sami remembers those two girls .
i didn 't know whether tom and mary would be able to do that by themselves or not .
we 've been busy doing other things .
he entered the house without <unk> on the door .
tom and mary said that they 'll do that .
what makes you so sure that tom will be here tomorrow ?
i hope tom will agree to do that .
tom said mary thought that he might not be required to do that by himself .
that kind of person will fail for sure .
i visited tom in australia three years ago .
tom 's not old enough to live alone .
i 'm dying .
neither tom nor mary has ever wanted to do that .
i thought that you liked it here .
everybody is fed up with dan 's <unk> attitude .
i can never tell when tom is joking .
i 'm going to buy three tickets .
mary doesn 't understand what you expect her to do .
i really wasn 't sure .
i wish tom had told me he was married .
tom is the only one who ever really got along with mary .
we weren 't at our best .
i don 't usually carry much cash on me .
tom caught me by the arm .
fadil 's facebook page was quickly <unk> with messages of support .
tom and i were talking about mary just this morning .
i admit i was skeptical at first .
who likes them ?
this bag isn 't small .
i still live in the boston area .
tom and mary didn 't think that anyone would recognize them .
i told you tom had been on duty too long .
can you give this to me ?
you have to help him .
in many languages , it is difficult to <unk> text or speech that does not give away one 's <unk> .
i do like watching him when he is asleep .
i thought you said your <unk> was in the car .
i know that tom is still in love with you .
tom thinks that they 'll all be here by noon .
i don 't think tom and mary know how to do that .
sami had to drive an hour to take me home .
thank you very much for your help .
i wish i knew how to apologize in french .
tom said that he knew that they might not allow him to do that at school .
i know tom is a bit older than mary .
tom seems angry .
tom and mary said that they didn 't feel hungry .
tom told me that he thought mary was finished .
tom and mary said they 've been here before .
i didn 't like the concert .
i 'll do it again .
do you think that bothered him ?
i admit that i was surprised .
he never lies .
i think tom lied to us .
i like cats very much .
i apologize for not writing to you before .
mary isn 't being very nice , is she ?
tom and mary are both wearing brown <unk> .
how long did you train in order to achieve such <unk> ?
i never asked mary what she thought .
tom said that 's what he 's always wanted .
i knew tom wouldn 't get caught .
how did you know his name wasn 't tom ?
tom , you 've got to help me .
please clean this place .
all of the boys didn 't laugh at him .
tom and mary aren 't doing that the way they should be .
i asked mary if i could talk to her in private .
you still managed to surprise me .
three years have passed since we married .
i grew up eating japanese food .
i could do that if you wanted me to .
you can cash your check at this window .
tom is watching them .
you 're too good for tom .
does tom do anything ?
he had dinner with his parents .
i know tom will help you .
i didn 't know that you didn 't do that .
mary did the right thing , didn 't she ?
tom found out about it on his own .
i doubt very seriously that tom will be hesitant to do that .
what are tom and mary going to do ?
tom was behind the bar , <unk> drinks .
i have plenty of friends .
mary was shocked when i told her what tom did .
tom is too young to <unk> an apple .
i know that tom is a good <unk> .
tom is not religious .
we are having a good time .
tom and mary already told me they don 't know how to do that .
tom showed me how to make pizza .
there are the words that make me cry .
why did she decide to do that ?
do you think tom could help us ?
you can 't possibly expect me to do such a thing .
tom should 've come with me .
tom didn 't want us to come to boston .
mary told me that she was exhausted .
you 're a lot taller than tom is , aren 't you ?
mary said she thought i was being stubborn .
tom demanded to see the manager .
sami has to leave early .
i 'm nervous , too .
tom said he wanted to give you something .
tom and mary said they were safe .
i 'm doing everything i can to avoid <unk> a cold .
what time does tom usually get home ?
tom doesn 't need to make that decision now .
i think you must be busy .
tom made me promise not to go there anymore .
i know tom knows i needed to do that .
tom said that mary should 've stayed in boston longer .
did you like it ?
have you seen my camera ?
tom is better than i was in college .
tom is smarter than me .
get everyone involved .
this is the last time i 'll ask you to do anything .
don 't you think we should have stayed a little longer ?
it isn 't the real thing .
tom and mary <unk> their horses and rode off .
the house was very badly built .
i thought that you 'd miss your train .
there is no <unk> weather , there is only a wrong choice of clothes .
they will accept your proposal .
i 'm a little busy now .
tom handed the photo back to mary .
tom was quite drunk .
does he study english every day ?
do you have a problem with me going to boston with tom ?
i know the gentleman .
tom isn 't the one who told me that i ought to do that .
there are more than <unk> nations in the world .
my father is worried about my health .
do you have an opinion now ?
it is better for you to do it now .
sami was very tall .
tom and mary thought that their house was haunted .
tom will be able to explain everything to you much better than i can .
where did you ever find him ?
i was told i would feel better after this medicine .
we both know what needs to be done .
what surprised me most when i first entered college was how few of my classmates knew how to study <unk> .
she 's going to have a baby .
tom wondered why mary didn 't want to talk to him .
reading is not less necessary to our mind than food is to our body .
you should let it go .
who is that man in the <unk> of the picture ?
i have to take tom home .
i have been to the airport to see my friend off .
she said she was tired of waiting .
i need to stay and help tom do that .
he admitted he was lost .
why are you reading this garbage ?
tom is likely going to be suspended .
mary told me she was healthy .
i 'm fairly certain tom has already talked to mary about that .
i just need a little more time .
tell mary i don 't want to talk to her .
mary is proud of her family .
he just saw tom .
america needs you .
i don 't think that it 's odd at all .
what does she see ?
there are other ways to do this .
god be with all of you .
i 've been to the post office .
sami and farid were best friends again .
tom told me that he thought mary would be <unk> .
tom will try to persuade mary to drive .
don 't ever give up on your dreams . keep sleeping .
i am dead tired from walking around all day .
where did you leave your umbrella ?
you didn 't think tom could do that in less than three hours , did you ?
here 's a picture of my daughter .
i still don 't know .
you better buy that book .
tom was here a few weeks ago .
she said she wanted to meet you .
i 've taught myself to play the guitar .
i can 't imagine how people were able to translate without the internet .
<unk> taxes may not be such a good idea at this time .
i 've seen that movie three times .
i decided to take control .
they deserve everything they get .
tom and mary aren 't going to quit .
my son has got into bad company .
tom and mary aren 't sure that they need to do that .
being young , he can work all day long .
tom is never going to live up to his parents ' expectations .
i also lost my cell phone !
i don 't think you have to do that .
i asked tom if he was cold , but he shook his head .
that 's just what i need right now .
tom pressed the wrong button .
" who shot him , then ? " " the <unk> , sir . "
it 's normal to feel nervous when you don 't know what to expect .
sami is very confident .
he really turns me off .
do you still feel like doing that ?
i wouldn 't care if tom didn 't do that .
layla finally <unk> trial for the murder of sami fadil .
he cut the envelope open .
how is it working out so far for you ?
do you really want to make some money ?
does this bus go to the center of town ?
it has been raining since yesterday .
sami was high .
i 'm relieved to hear that .
i don 't remember the last time tom and i did that together .
sami felt he wasn 't needed in the world .
we have to get back before tom and mary do .
i didn 't know that you weren 't canadian .
tom and mary said that they were very anxious to do that .
you promised that you wouldn 't do that here .
he even called me " ugly " .
i 'm lucky that no one saw me do that .
i know that tom and mary have never danced together .
it 's foolish to read such a magazine .
mary has to do that even though she doesn 't want to .
let 's call for help .
tom says he hopes mary can win .
i know tom knew why mary kept doing that even though he 'd asked her not to .
tom should tell mary that he doesn 't know how to do that .
i don 't think i have enough energy to do that now .
where exactly did you do that ?
they 've written a bill for health care .
he hasn 't called yet .
until quite recently , people in developed countries didn 't care much about the environment .
we have no more sugar .
we 're the same .
tom just missed the train .
the house got painted .
the teacher didn 't believe us .
tom gave orders .
sami is staying at a hotel .
have you ever watched <unk> fall to the ground ?
tom and mary say everybody they know can swim .
why is tom embarrassed ?
what time did the plane arrive at <unk> ?
did you figure this out on your own ?
i don 't want your old job .
do you think they followed us here ?
tom isn 't sure what to do , is he ?
i want you to call her .
as tom sat down , he <unk> the table and his coffee spilled onto the <unk> .
does your invitation still stand ?
we paid them back everything we <unk> them .
tom must 've been confused .
what are some of the most useful things you own ?
they went to kyoto last year .
tom refused to admit that what he 'd done was wrong .
having no <unk> , i am never lost .
i 'm not sorry that i 'm late .
mary says she hopes tom doesn 't have to do that .
the man tried to catch hold of me by the <unk> .
tom is always sleeping in class . it almost seems as if he goes to school just to catch up on his sleep .
tom didn 't seem to know that was going to happen .
that is to say , a language is something that we learn and are taught , not something that we know by <unk> .
i went to boston by train .
i wonder if tom is still interested in doing that .
mary said that she might be late tomorrow .
i don 't think that tom would still be mad .
tom won 't likely feel like doing that .
five minutes ago i was so miserable i was <unk> i 'd never been born and now i wouldn 't change places with an <unk> !
why do i have to tell tom ?
sami is single right now .
sami wasn 't seen again until layla 's trial .
tom is looking at himself in the mirror .
she kissed the <unk> , and hugged him almost to death with joy .
tom can 't seem to do anything right today .
you should let tom know you can take care of yourselves .
the prices remain as they were .
sami was so nervous and he didn 't know why .
tom and mary did their best to persuade john to not say anything about what happened .
sami didn 't understand what was going on .
what ! ? i can 't see anything good about him . doesn 't he just break all the girls ' <unk> ?
tom said that he felt wonderful .
i didn 't say a word .
who do you think you are so as you speak to me that way ?
please make sure you get to the station on time .
i won 't lie to you .
tom wants to quit .
she stopped to catch her breath .
it 's nice to be in the right place .
i told you i could find you .
tom said he thought that i might not need to do that until october .
she left before i got home .
tell them to stop worrying .
he was still alive when the rescue party arrived .
tom seems unlucky .
they said they weren 't lonely .
tom and mary said they knew i wasn 't going to do that .
it takes time to relax .
who 's not here ?
england is a country that i 've wanted to visit for a long time .
it 's much more expensive to eat out than to eat at home .
the <unk> is the kind of person that we can look up to .
i 'm so glad my parents had nice names . it would be a real <unk> to have a father <unk> , say <unk> , wouldn 't it ?
tom said that he knew that he could do that .
he pressed his ear against the wall .
which ball is white ?
i suppose i shouldn 't have said that .
tom has to start doing that as soon as possible .
we get one hour for lunch .
you might not need a <unk> if you have good knife skills .
you should be able to manage it .
tom isn 't the only one who 's asleep .
did you do yesterday 's homework ?
tom said you wanted to see me .
i didn 't eat as much as tom .
i know tom is a very <unk> person .
all tom did was watch tv all day .
are you coming to the party tomorrow ?
the man whom she is going to marry is an <unk> .
i know tom didn 't know we were going to do that .
come have dinner with me .
i thought tom didn 't like mary anymore .
let 's talk about work .
i slept on the train .
what did you ever see in her ?
this coffee machine was made in italy .
just use mine for now .
tom tried to convince mary to stay in boston .
how drunk were you last night ?
what 're you doing with this ?
mary wishes she was a better swimmer .
should you be eating that ?
tom is content with his present salary .
sami found the door to the house open .
mary says she doesn 't think she could ever do that .
we 've got a little situation .
can i bring her in right away ?
what 's your favorite movie this year ?
tom will be in boston by this time tomorrow .
he wasn 't quite himself today .
you 're invited to dinner .
how much longer do we have ?
tom said that he didn 't plan to go to mary 's concert .
tom and i want to spend the rest of our lives together .
he answered by saying that he could swim well .
tom has been a close friend of mine for years .
tom picked up the hat and put it on .
she nearly fell off her chair .
you think i 'm <unk> , don 't you ?
he said he was already more than fifty years old , fifty five , to be <unk> .
it sounds like a good plan .
would you mind taking this book back to the library ?
i think that it is really sad that someone could do that for money .
i thought that you said you only did that once .
tom and mary do anything i tell them to .
tom doesn 't want to wait that long .
tom , i 've got to tell you something .
because her parents got divorced , the girl had hardly any contact with her father .
tom said that what you told me wasn 't true .
tom said his new house cost him a lot .
i had my money stolen in the park .
mary has no one to help her .
when tom and i got home , we were very tired .
i 'm just helping .
i know that tom knew why we couldn 't do that for him .
tom said that he thought he knew what the problem was .
he cast a stone into the pond .
the youth was quiet .
you 're only human .
i was about to leave when the <unk> rang .
i enjoyed it a lot .
i 'm a changed man .
this is my third week .
tom has ambitious goals .
if you wait right here , i 'll go get what you want .
please correct my sentences .
i wish i had come to boston .
sami 's office didn 't have a <unk> .
i don 't give a <unk> about you winning or losing .
they said that they wished they 'd eaten more .
are tom and mary scared ?
i think i could learn a lot from you .
i want you to know i 'll do that for you .
i don 't think that tom has a leg to stand on .
don 't lie to me ! you 're the one who did it .
tom should be in tomorrow .
this is a little something i bought for you .
who 'd like ice cream ?
she had suffered a heart attack .
didn 't you know tom was still in prison ?
let 's just stay here .
tom couldn 't remember what mary had told him to do .
we 're looking forward to seeing you again .
sami picked up the girl .
we love each other , but we don 't make love anymore .
he saw a small <unk> on her left knee .
i 'm <unk> you father . please get on good terms with him . this friendship is so dear to me that i can 't put it into words .
they went back to their farm .
tom doesn 't want to give his old car to mary .
i owe what i am today to you .
tom spent a lot of time <unk> the piano this afternoon .
tom said that he planned to do that on monday .
tom could have been first if he 'd asked to be .
tom is sick , so he probably won 't do that .
i know that tom and mary are <unk> .
i think you will have done all the work soon .
they said they weren 't happy here .
we 've missed you so much .
i didn 't know that it was possible to lock the door of the meeting room .
mary told me she was in boston .
i 'm not doing anything right now .
i 'm not a soldier anymore .
tom seemed very full of himself .
tom and mary are too far away .
i don 't think this has anything to do with tom .
didn 't they tell you who i was ?
i don 't think that tom would 've done that if mary hadn 't been there .
i should have never married .
can you give that to me ?
i 'll never find true love .
i 'd like to discuss some of my <unk> .
tom didn 't go to the party .
it 's useless to keep on thinking any more .
what doesn 't kill you , only makes you stronger .
it 's where i belong .
you 've made her angry .
they know they won 't get in trouble .
tom and mary know that john did that .
tom is probably still suspicious .
i hear a strange sound .
sami has to watch his grandfather .
tom will be mad at mary when he finds out what she did .
tom has recently lost his job .
mary told tom that she thought john was handsome .
i told tom i couldn 't do it .
he is known for his <unk> . he has never been involved in a <unk> act .
you know this is wrong .
he wants his umbrella back .
take the next one .
who 's the girl standing over there ?
tom was sentenced to death .
tom is going to love it in australia .
i know that you 're not serious .
tom wanted to see the inside of the house .
she says she 's tired .
tom hurried to catch up with mary .
how much money do you usually carry ?
do tom and mary know that you 're going out ?
i don 't think that tom knows that he shouldn 't be doing that anymore .
tom said that he 'd only stay for a few hours .
bob is down for the coming tennis competition .
it 's not tom 's fault .
i think i didn 't do that .
i don 't like the way people talk about you .
this is a crime scene .
tom survived three days in the mountains .
tom 's brother looks a lot like him .
tom knew he had hurt mary .
i 'll keep on trying .
he 's three years older than her .
tom said he 's not hungry .
she refused to admit it .
god willing !
what are tom and mary doing this weekend ?
i don 't care about tom 's plans .
we cleaned up our room .
tom didn 't have an answer .
we 're going to be working late .
he hired me to paint his house .
mary is going to be <unk> when she gets home .
he can run a hundred meters in less than ten <unk> .
i wasn 't aware that tom was married .
mary parked her car in front of a fire <unk> .
tom and mary say they don 't know why john is planning on doing that .
the horse ran fast .
i tried to tell tom , but he refused to listen .
i hurt my shoulder .
tom will get better .
she sold her house .
don 't forget to take along the camera .
it made him <unk> that someone might find out any second what he was hiding .
i didn 't know you were going to do that today .
they explained their reasons clearly .
a little practice wouldn 't hurt .
<unk> is a city that 's famous for its castle .
tom fell asleep while driving and caused an accident .
tom said that mary was too young to drink .
that 's what tom wants .
he doesn 't seem to care .
i 'll try to get a hold of her .
mary ran for her life .
our next meeting will be on monday .
i think an old , <unk> house is such a sad sight .
he wanted a <unk> study like <unk> , but what he got was a canadian one .
i tried to get in touch with the police .
does tom really think that 'll happen ?
he ate twice the amount that you ate .
for your information , i 've held this position for 20 years .
some religious men <unk> pain as a sort of trial from god .
did tom ask you to do something ?
sami is always the <unk> in the movie .
tom knows how to handle horses .
i have some things to work out .
he wanted to turn himself in .
jim has learned to like japanese dishes .
we know how they are .
tom bought the books he needed .
i think about it every day .
i have heard nothing from him .
what makes you think tom was talking about you ?
when did tom give you that suitcase ?
i think i 'll go wash my hands .
tom hopes to get the results by monday .
and now , a word from our <unk> .
tom is cold and he 's tired .
i promised not to breathe a word of the secret .
tom had everything going for him .
i work at night .
i don 't think that you have to worry about tom anymore .
it 's always good to have several <unk> in the fire .
sami didn 't know that girl .
tom said that mary thought that he might be allowed to do that soon .
i didn 't want to tell tom where i 'd been .
star baseball players are often asked for <unk> .
please , do not get excited .
did tom and mary hurt themselves ?
i got a new jacket yesterday .
have both tom and mary done that ?
the meeting is taking place on friday .
wasn 't that fun ?
we can clearly do better .
they said they were no different .
i had an awful day .
tom noticed mary 's car in the parking lot .
he looked tired then .
no man is so old he cannot learn .
tom usually eats a <unk> in his car on his way to work .
i like him because he is honest .
we should ask tom for permission .
tom and mary aren 't canadians .
tom pretended that he couldn 't understand what was going on .
had he known what was about to happen , he would have changed his plan .
i hear tom and mary are excellent tennis players .
how many people are you planning on calling ?
be patient and optimistic .
my brother is interested in what you call <unk> music .
tom is talking <unk> than he needs to .
sami signed the papers .
i saw a boy knocked down by a car .
got to go now .
he looked at me in surprise .
sami obviously didn 't hear that .
for the <unk> time , i don 't need your help .
can i see ?
when does tom usually go to the gym ?
tom and i were the last two people to leave .
please allow me to finish .
they walked along the road together until they reached the village , but then their <unk> <unk> .
mary told me that she thought tom was drunk .
i 'm not speaking to tom .
that was totally amazing .
i thought you went home .
my picture 's in every police station in the country .
tom doesn 't really think i ate his piece of cake , does he ?
mary wore a blue dress to the party .
have you told tom about where you grew up ?
i think you should listen to tom .
you 're beautiful , you know ?
i suspect tom and mary are both sleepy .
tom shook his head once again .
i want you , tom .
i 'm not used to having people question my decisions .
tom told his son not to eat with his mouth open .
tom didn 't think that mary would go to australia by herself .
i wonder whether tom and mary are really serious .
tom and mary were wearing baseball <unk> when i saw them this morning .
i feel a little uncomfortable <unk> this up , but i love you .
tom and mary wanted to start their own business .
i think that tom can do that .
they said that they think they can win .
tom 's lonely .
i don 't want to force you to do that .
tom keeps making the same mistake .
i wish i hadn 't looked out the window .
tom doesn 't even know where i am .
tom couldn 't find a job he liked in boston , so he moved to chicago .
sami liked to go out alone .
i don 't want you to do that again .
i was asleep from one to four this afternoon .
what 's the capital of the united states ?
i would have visited boston if i 'd had the chance .
mary does everything i tell her to .
mary doesn 't know that i think she 's stupid .
what would you do if this was your last day on earth ?
tom wanted to ask mary for a big favor .
it wasn 't exactly what i wanted , but i bought it anyway .
they told me they didn 't eat pork .
come watch us play music sometime .
i hope i survive .
mary is a bit overweight , isn 't she ?
i have to deal with that .
why do you lie for tom ?
tom was just telling me a joke .
tom missed the last train and had to take a taxi home .
tom thought that mary would like to go to australia to see john .
he has what he wants .
tom and john were like brothers .
this is the biggest hotel in this city .
they said that they wouldn 't win .
those present at the concert were surprised by his performance .
as a <unk> he is far above me .
it might be hot !
i would like to book a trip to australia .
before their <unk> was over , they were forced to part , for the king had to go on a <unk> <unk> to a far country , and leave his young wife alone at home .
i 'm sure tom will permit mary to do that .
in the world of words , the imagination is one of the forces of nature .
i 'm a lot <unk> now than i used to be .
finish cleaning of the swimming pool and the boss will pay you .
he has said he won 't win .
let 's be clear
tom buried himself under his blanket .
tom said that he isn 't planning to do that .
tom says he 's always wanted to do that .
we are not the only ones who believe that he is not guilty .
do you want me to go with her ?
i 'm learning esperanto very quickly .
i loved my <unk> , but i just couldn 't live with her anymore .
tom is perfect .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be gone long .
prices are competitive .
please don 't forget my name !
are you hiding something , tom ?
she is very pretty .
in the united states , most goods still travel by <unk> .
sami was looking at his e-mail history .
i wasn 't able to say goodbye to tom .
let 's start from the top .
we 're not yet there .
what size boots do you wear ?
mary said she thought tom probably wouldn 't cry .
i was at home the whole time .
you don 't have to worry about that , ok ?
when was the last time you added sentences to tatoeba ?
i get tired of yelling at tom .
i can play the guitar . tom can , too .
tom doesn 't know who i am .
the doctor was sent for .
you can go one hundred kilometers an hour on the <unk> .
i wonder if tom and mary are really feeling ok .
what about his girlfriend ?
why should tom say anything ?
arabic is difficult !
they said they thought they could win .
it isn 't funny at all .
he was looking for a fight .
he looked at my computer .
let us pray for a perfect , an <unk> , peace .
we were happy until you came around .
fadil waited for layla at home .
tom has probably retired by now .
is it ok if i turn the tv down ?
tom is sorry he got caught .
i thought it 'd be harder .
you 're not just my wife . you 're my best friend .
sami doesn 't hear anything .
when i was little , i believed in <unk> .
" your speech was great . " " really ? thanks ! "
tom can protect himself .
why did tom come here ?
tom thought mary had tried to kill herself .
where do you not want to go ?
fadil wants me to fail .
there 's nothing more to be done here .
it was tom who did that , not me .
tom said that mary thought john might not have to do that again .
are you just going to stand there like a <unk> ?
his house was struck by lightning .
the problem is his .
i hope that i can find a job in boston .
i think you know that we need to do that .
i may have to fire tom .
he will end up in jail .
tom said that i should do that .
i don 't know the word ' impossible ' .
there , something completely different .
failure to water plants will cause them to die .
it was nice of you to help .
i know tom knows that i don 't want to do that .
the former captain was <unk> to the present one .
we usually play tennis after school .
thank you for the lead .
i never should have come here .
they said that they can 't wait any longer .
tom said he thought that mary was in danger .
i know tom doesn 't know why i do that .
the desire to fly in the sky like a bird <unk> the <unk> of the airplane .
tom and mary are friends with john .
can you believe that women in <unk> didn 't receive the right to vote until the <unk> 's ?
i know tom will be able to do that if he has some help .
i think i 'm going to get a chance to do that .
i know tom will be doing that again today .
we stayed up all night trying to come up with a plan .
mary used to hang up the laundry , but she doesn 't anymore .
i kicked in the door and ran into the room .
she arrived there before you .
here 's the big knife from our kitchen .
i could only <unk> at him in stupid surprise .
winning wasn 't hard .
tom doesn 't have an umbrella .
i got up at seven in the morning .
i don 't think i can move this <unk> without your help .
he was going to be invited .
sami talked about his wedding .
both tom and mary know that 's a lie .
tom is the only one in our class who really wants to study french .
tom didn 't take his eye off the ball .
the bird i saw singing on a tree yesterday came back today .
everyone 's asleep .
tom was convinced that he 'd be able to do that .
i pulled the car over to the side of the road .
tom promised mary he 'd take her shopping .
i feel cold . do you mind <unk> the window ?
there 's more than enough food .
both tom and mary can swim .
tom is as poor as a church mouse .
if you say that to tom , you 'll run the risk of losing your job .
i don 't know who they are .
how do you feel about your father ?
you 've got to help me .
tom and mary had enough money to buy everything they needed .
i wonder whether tom really went to boston .
though i have neither money nor friends , i am not so unhappy as you think .
take your <unk> with you , just in case .
did you know tom and mary were sleeping ?
do i have to change <unk> in london ?
he was forced to go back because of the bad weather .
sami is coming in there with me .
mary said she really enjoyed the movie .
call at my office at any time .
i spent a whole day in cleaning up my room .
i wonder where tom is from .
he has been driving for hours .
i truly believe she is a bad person .
tom doesn 't want to wear jeans .
i don 't think that there 's any way i can do that .
we hope that doesn 't happen .
will tom and mary do that ?
tom knows what it is .
i want to tell you about him .
he suddenly noticed his wallet was missing .
how could tom not know that was going to happen ?
thanks for helping out .
tom found the office door locked .
i don 't do as much volunteer work as tom does .
did tom expect mary to eat lunch with him ?
at that time , i thought that i was going to die for real .
i should have asked tom why he didn 't do that .
who are you meeting at <unk> : 00 ?
i washed the dishes after supper .
sami just broke up with layla .
are you saying that our plan was accepted ? i hope you 're not showing me any <unk> happiness here .
we 'll try to help out .
she told me that she spoke french .
tom and mary say they 'll ask john to do that for them .
why do you have only one <unk> on ?
sami was a complete <unk> when he was younger .
tom and mary are going to have to do that .
tom is going to come over .
tom is already rich enough to buy anything he wants .
i wish i had time to do it .
tom told me that he was next .
tom was killed in suicide attack .
sami was getting ready for that party .
tom waited for his wife for an hour .
you don 't have to prove yourself .
she is certainly above forty .
what have you seen ?
unfortunately , i agree with you .
tom turned and looked at me .
tom isn 't likely to be finished doing that before monday afternoon .
your <unk> , your not eating , that has been your great error .
i have to wake her up soon .
sami recovered .
i 'm looking for someone to help me translate something from french into english .
the price of the meal <unk> a service charge .
me ? i can 't even begin to draw <unk> , <unk> and horses so you can tell them apart .
why don 't we play chess or something ?
tom said that there might just be one piece of cake left .
does this hold water ?
layla fell in love with that hijab .
tom and mary said they wanted to take some pictures of us .
tom is the one i told you about .
tom and mary said they thought it wouldn 't be safe for john to walk home by himself at night .
he told me he 'd be back .
tom 's family is missing .
tom is feeling a little better .
his lecture disappointed us .
" will you be eating in ? " " no , i 'll have it <unk> . "
children are innocent .
i 'll let you study .
do you mean to do without an <unk> ?
they said that they 're excited .
don 't you trust anyone ?
tom looks offended .
are you sure you don 't want to go shopping with us ?
tom is pretty rich , isn 't he ?
tom felt like dancing .
i wish i could already do that .
i 'm sure you 'll wish you hadn 't said that .
tom and mary don 't play music together as much as they used to .
i know tom knows mary shouldn 't do that .
layla was crying in front of sami .
is the sun up ?
tom and mary said they didn 't want to go to boston with us .
tom said that mary is probably still tempted to do that .
tom could 've complained , but he didn 't .
i think tom is still up .
tom won 't be able to see everything .
do you still need to do that every day ?
i will give it to him tomorrow .
i 'm confident .
can 't you tell me how to do this ?
how did tom and mary know they were supposed to be here today ?
i asked mary if she wanted to go and she said no .
whose drawing did you like ?
i don 't have enough money to buy a house .
she 's older than tom .
tom was mary 's last hope .
i think maybe tom and mary should go .
how can you believe without knowing ? maybe feelings are more <unk> than thoughts .
do tom and mary always speak french to you ?
they said they were unhappy .
i turned around .
tom asked the waiter for another cup of coffee .
mary doesn 't want you to do that for her .
tom and mary are doing that now .
tom is very smart , just like you .
this translation is better than that one .
does any of that sound bad ?
i know this isn 't the first time that tom has lied to us .
tom is going to help us today .
you were different then .
i don 't always understand everything you write .
don 't you think we 'll find what we 're looking for ?
they should be here soon .
i , too , am worried about them .
i think that tom will listen to me .
it is truly difficult to know the truth , and still more difficult to speak it .
we 'll follow them .
our refrigerator is out of order .
the ceremony took place in the afternoon .
tom and mary seemed very pleased with themselves .
he is an idiot .
tom says there 's plenty more to come .
he said he knew you wouldn 't win .
don 't do anything else until i get there .
tom has a master 's degree in music education .
tom was in a traffic accident .
tom studied french a long time ago .
tom says that he usually always has at least three hundred dollars on him .
i 'm looking for tom . have you seen him ?
you 're a victim of the system .
the teacher said : " above all , what is necessary for success is <unk> . "
i 'm afraid my child may be taking drugs .
do you remember the first time that you talked to tom ?
i 'm a <unk> , so i 'd rather not have meat , if that 's okay .
tom and mary don 't like john telling them what to do .
they lent us some of their <unk> for a while .
tom has refused to talk about himself .
we went to a nice restaurant .
they 'll do everything they can .
none of that was true .
i know that tom is waiting for us .
they did not break apart easily .
i 'm less famous .
my parents told me we should respect the old .
you told me not to lie .
i 've baked a cake for them .
tom should probably tell mary he doesn 't have to do that today .
tom said he was prepared .
tom and mary both wanted to do that .
all i know is that tom was here with me at 2 : 30 .
french is too hard , i don 't want to learn it .
tom thinks that mary made a big mistake .
tom said that mary 's dog bit him .
the cause of tom 's death is still <unk> in mystery .
mary wondered if tom was as nervous as she was .
i know that tom and mary are <unk> .
tom sounds like a native french speaker .
i was by nature <unk> of knowing new things , <unk> countries , cities , languages , and manners of men .
they seems to have a lot on their minds .
sami is a very short person .
i 'm sure you 're doing your best .
sami will tell another story after this one .
mary couldn 't ask for anything more .
my little sister is crying like a child .
the brother of my father is my uncle .
tom didn 't seem to be aware that he didn 't have to do that .
tom recognized mary the moment she entered the room .
this bread smells really good .
children have rights , too .
as for the students of today , i don 't know what they are thinking about .
the people love freedom .
tom said he wondered why mary hadn 't done that .
they said that they loved me , too .
you knew tom wouldn 't be able to do that as well as mary , didn 't you ?
tom and mary raised their glasses to their lips .
would tom really want to do that ?
sami and layla wanted to <unk> with each other .
cookie hated his owner .
i am <unk> hands with my worst enemy .
it 's <unk> and he 's not coming .
i go to boston more often than i go to chicago .
i 've always suspected that you might 've studied <unk> .
tom didn 't know mary wasn 't going to do that .
tom needs to do that again .
mary can go with you if she likes .
would you explain what this is ?
i want to tell tom the truth .
tom will do a great job .
i knew that tom could probably do that .
tom really should have helped mary .
i wonder if tom and mary are broke .
i want to drink something .
tom said he was asked not to do that anymore .
everyone is afraid of tom .
the present state of the city 's <unk> is not good .
things are just getting started .
tom and mary told me that they felt offended .
let sami know that that car belongs to me .
the tree isn 't ready yet .
you know that i have to go to boston next week , don 't you ?
they had to pay their rent yesterday .
no sooner had the bell <unk> than the teacher came into the classroom .
did you break the lamp ?
tom came to boston when he was thirteen years old .
you don 't sound very optimistic .
tom and mary got out of their car .
tom won 't ever leave .
nice shot !
sami 's affair with layla was the final <unk> for salima .
i don 't think that tom is afraid of you .
tom and i aren 't the only ones here who can speak french .
you would have enjoyed the movie we went to see .
tom went home by himself .
i think that you should turn yourselves in .
what do you think of my theory ?
that 's tom 's apartment .
i 'd like some salad .
she put her shirt on .
it looks like we got ourselves a little problem .
tom will have to sleep on the floor .
i was able to drive a car .
she isn 't sure what she should do .
mary doesn 't seem to be herself these days .
i 'm really tired .
i feel like this isn 't going to end well .
did you get everything ready for tomorrow ?
we are back in school again after the holidays are over .
she said she 'd be going by train .
do you like italian music ?
i don 't think that tom was drunk .
we 'll show her .
tom will be here for just a short time .
tom sleeps on my bed .
i 'm following them .
i don 't think tom is as strange as mary said he was .
i believed in tom .
tom and john are intelligent men .
don 't you want to know why tom and mary aren 't here today ?
he grew up to be a doctor .
she lives near you , doesn 't she ?
everybody hates each other now .
in the winter , many older people <unk> on ice and fall down .
" but i 'm already <unk> , " i tell him .
the man sees what he thinks is a young girl .
we 're going to make a video .
sami wanted to use the bathroom .
tom wouldn 't go to boston if he didn 't have to .
i think that tom is normal .
i 'm a reliable and responsible person at work .
i doubt tom will be found guilty .
i think tom must be tired .
it 's beginning to rain .
maybe tom told mary she needed to do that .
if anyone else did these things , their political career would be finished .
i left tom a couple of messages .
tom and mary are both students .
tom and mary don 't usually do that by themselves .
i know that 's impossible .
tom is wearing a party hat .
tom has three hours to get this done .
i know tom isn 't a very good boss , but he 's still a nice guy .
i 'll build it myself .
the trouble with the world isn 't that people know too little , but they know so many things that <unk> 't so .
tom has already persuaded mary to do that .
as a whole his works are neither good nor bad .
sami has a class in six minutes .
sami turned the fire alarm off .
there 's a price on her head .
the dress looks quite cool on you .
how much money do we owe them ?
there is a village beyond the hill .
help yourself to something .
this is where i usually do my shopping .
tom 's alone .
he seems nice , but he 's <unk> at heart .
i know you 're learning french at school .
tom and mary took what wasn 't <unk> .
i want tom to know that .
i still go to australia for christmas every year .
too much <unk> can lead to physical disease .
wasn 't tom supposed to get home before 2 : 30 ?
are we permitted to do that ?
mary says she wants to buy one of my paintings .
i have a lot in common with him .
i 'm just as busy as tom .
they 're playing a game .
this video is not available in your region .
you need to eat more .
as a teenager , mary had a crush on a famous movie star .
mary said she didn 't do that by herself .
mary <unk> her hair out of her face .
why would i lie to you ?
i know that tom doesn 't often do that these days .
the meals don 't suit my taste .
does it snow a lot in boston ?
i don 't think tom can play the violin as well as mary can .
when you lecture , don 't keep your eyes <unk> to your notes . look up from time to time at your audience .
tom said he wished that mary and i wouldn 't go out after dark by ourselves .
tom left part of his <unk> to mary .
i thought you said that you worked all morning .
tom is afraid of me , i think .
how do we know you 're not just going to tell them anyway ?
i forgot my credit card .
she kicked me out .
tom is going .
mary is doing what she needs to do .
sami was there every day of the week .
i didn 't know if you knew .
that isn 't what i plan to do .
tom left the room to make a phone call .
sami decided to rent a room .
mary is looking for her library card , which is probably somewhere on the shelf in the hall , covered by other things .
i 'm not going to turn him in .
all of my children want to go to boston .
mary didn 't bring her keys .
i don 't know how to express my <unk> .
i will help him tomorrow .
you 're not going to catch us .
did you ask mary where she 'd been ?
tom and mary haven 't yet bought everything they need .
i don 't think tom and mary know who can do that and who can 't .
she rushed out of her room .
why do you like something like that ?
i 've got something important to discuss with you .
tom is bound to come here .
i wonder what made tom think mary didn 't want to do that ?
do tom and mary know you 're doing this ?
how did you know tom was going to the dance with mary ?
tom told us he wouldn 't do that again .
the children ran to the house .
go there with me .
sami wondered why layla was doing that .
she was a track star once .
do you take part in any community <unk> ?
tom said that he 'd try to do that again later .
let 's ask mary if she knows how to speak french .
we got along almost ten years but she agreed .
what 's your favorite tv program ?
tom couldn 't do what we were hoping he could do .
she died and with her so did her dreams .
i 'll pray for her .
what time did he say he 'd come ?
they missed their kids .
how much longer is this going to take ?
mary said she didn 't think tom really needed to do that by himself .
families have been destroyed .
i 'll have you home in time for dinner .
tom and mary sometimes eat in their <unk> .
he has an eye for good english <unk> .
sami 's plane hasn 't even taken off .
save more .
i have done it already .
i never asked for your help .
sami went back to the kitchen .
i know that tom and mary are <unk> .
i 'd accept that offer .
have you read tom 's new book ?
tom thought that mary was involved .
i would be happy to be of any service to you .
oh my god , what have you done ?
i 'm also going to do that today .
don 't kill too many birds and animals on earth .
tom hasn 't met mary yet , has he ?
you aren 't <unk> tom could 've done that , are you ?
for my birthday i got a music box .
tom thought mary hated him .
tom said that i had no sense of humor .
tom tried to poison mary 's dog .
i know tom doesn 't know why you need to do that by yourself .
i 'll have another .
tom and mary said they isn 't sleepy yet .
sami can fix it himself .
i was surprised when mary told me why she had to do that .
i 'm sure tom and mary will wish they hadn 't done that .
i am ready for the storm .
maybe you shouldn 't tell tom the truth .
tom and mary wished they hadn 't said that .
tom doesn 't want to wait in line .
but this is an issue to which we return later .
what do you want to eat tomorrow ?
tom and mary told me they weren 't going to do that anymore .
i just can 't understand this .
i want tom 's money .
sami helped me so much .
i could do this for a while .
tom sat in his front yard , looking up at the moon .
tom said that he thought mary would be discouraged .
mary is a french teacher in boston .
tom didn 't have a chance to visit mary the last time he was in australia .
he is a writer rather than a <unk> .
i don 't want to help tom with his homework .
where did you cut them ?
tom is going to ask you to help .
tom said he was <unk> to do that .
i never <unk> i 'd be able to give a concert in australia .
i 'm younger than you .
if it 's ok , i 'd like to sleep for a few hours .
have you really been looking for a job ?
tom knew that mary wasn 't from boston even though she said she was .
translate the book into another language .
do you really think tom is innocent ?
they 're cleaning their rooms .
have you finished reading that book yet ?
when was the last time you received a <unk> ?
we 'll take care of this ourselves .
sami talked to them .
when it came to the <unk> , tom couldn 't bring himself to <unk> against mary .
i think we 've found what we were looking for .
he told me how to play chess .
i didn 't like boston and tom didn 't either .
sami asked layla to go on a date with him .
tom 's hardly said a word all day .
give us something to work on .
the <unk> of such skills can clearly take you very far .
what do you do with all these <unk> ?
i 've signed up for a french class .
will tom stay or will he leave ?
i 'd never permit you to do that .
there 's something going around .
did you see the way tom was looking at mary ?
tom 's french is excellent .
stay with us in this room .
i can 't live without a tv .
i think god is a woman .
unless everyone plays well , we may lose the game .
have you learned the poem by heart ?
tom was fired because he couldn 't be trusted .
both the boy and the girl are clever .
don 't you know that you 're being <unk> ?
it is easier to have fun than to work .
i wonder whether we have to do that .
set the time on the alarm .
find something you can do that is not for yourself alone , and in that <unk> your <unk> light will also come through .
there 's great danger .
tom wants to practice french with native speakers .
mary said she wasn 't going to let tom do that .
it 's your night off .
one of them spoke to me .
we take that seriously .
sami took my phone .
i 'm as strong as you .
it isn 't hard to see why you don 't like tom .
i wonder why tom and mary didn 't do that by themselves .
my brother died of cancer last year .
mary received a letter from germany .
i 'm not like him .
i tried for a long time before i succeeded .
he pushed his hat back on his head .
he 'll do what he 's got to do .
tom and mary told me they were going to do that .
how many hours has tom spent doing that ?
things did not turn out as he expected .
sami was stealing money from layla .
there were more than a thousand men in the <unk> .
i don 't know where tom and mary were born .
he can go out on condition he comes home by five .
science is a way of trying not to fool yourself . the first <unk> is that you must not fool yourself , and you are the <unk> person to fool .
some <unk> are safe to eat , others are not .
in case the alarm <unk> walk , don 't run .
i 've got to get to the airport .
tom told me that he needed money .
i 've never met tom 's wife .
i wonder if tom will be in australia next week .
i 'd prefer not to do that today .
you may need to go to australia next month .
i don 't think that i can finish all this work by 2 : 30 .
i didn 't want to give it up .
sami was layla 's neighbor .
mary said she saw tom and alice kissing each other .
tom loves his tools .
she 'd never go there by herself .
you guys are awesome !
i knew tom would be doing that by himself .
japan caught up with the united states in this field .
you 're one to talk !
tom could never do anything to hurt mary .
i was serious when i said i love you .
mary said she wasn 't going anywhere .
you can rely on him .
you took my pants off and tried to <unk> me . you 'll pay for this . i promise .
what are tom and mary making ?
i was just about to go home .
i haven 't gotten my driver 's license yet .
he leaned back and closed his eyes .
you don 't need to do that again .
you don 't mind walking a little , do you ?
tom told me i could find you here .
sami rode a city bus .
what did you plan to do ?
tom said that he thought that he 'd be able to win .
it was tom who broke the window .
i didn 't think that tom would be glad that happened .
i don 't think that he cares about me .
mary was shocked when i told her that .
tom thought that mary was stupid .
he wished he were taller .
he worked through the night .
she put her head on my shoulder .
i knew that tom was a bit younger than i was .
where are you guys going ?
she caught his eye immediately .
sami was only sixteen years old .
i have a t-shirt just like the one you 're wearing .
the two boys lived alone with a lovely cat .
because of heavy rain my car broke down .
if i ever see you doing that again , i 'll tell your father .
mary always does that when she goes to boston .
we need your help finding her .
we should 've done that last week .
mary didn 't tell me why she was late .
please hurry , it 's urgent .
i 've cooked you a nice hot dinner .
my mother put thirteen <unk> on my birthday cake .
tom expected mary to study french .
what if your parents find out ?
you can rely on jack .
if you would be a good <unk> , read ; if a writer , write .
i feel so lost .
they told me they studied french .
let me introduce you to my beautiful wife .
she won 't change her mind .
tom said that there might be one piece of cake left .
tom asked mary to come into the house .
i get the feeling this will be a good day .
it 's getting there .
what is the english for " <unk> " ?
tom seems unable to do that .
tom has already told mary everything .
tom had mary wash the car .
who lost face ?
tom bought an expensive sports car .
tom and mary are still trying to figure out what caused the accident .
did you know tom and mary were still single ?
the engine is noisy .
your report is pretty good , if not excellent .
tom and mary like their teachers .
in japan , we still sometimes see someone use an <unk> , but not as often as we used to .
tom could just be shy .
sami was going to jail .
i wish tom would smile more often .
i think that tom doesn 't know how to speak french .
she wanted to be a teacher .
tom and mary said they 're only done that once .
what 's your new book about ?
sami mentioned that at the beginning of the video .
i heard john speak to mr. brown .
you 'd be a fool if you borrowed money from a loan <unk> .
we know that the greatest works can be <unk> in model , and that the universe can be <unk> by the same means .
three eyes see more than one .
it 's much easier this way .
i used to dream about becoming an <unk> .
tom and mary worked together for three months .
i know tom is a good husband and father .
tom said that he wished you would do that for him .
i knew tom had done that .
mary thought she would help out .
tom <unk> rent on the first day of every month .
you should 've seen the look on your face .
i 've heard that tom is now studying french .
i want to see her in an hour .
i had a good time while i stayed in the country .
that doesn 't matter now .
tom says he doesn 't want to be <unk> .
tom <unk> thought mary was john 's sister .
sami used to hurt himself .
do you think tom might be drunk ?
if you agree to become an <unk> <unk> , you may help save someone 's life .
i don 't usually do that with tom .
i really wasn 't going to do that .
you and i both know that that 's not the truth .
tom should have asked mary where she wanted him to park the car .
the car is dark blue .
tom did what he promised that he 'd do .
how can i work with all these papers everywhere ?
do you know why tom wouldn 't do that ?
tom told me that mary was the one who did that .
i was hoping tom wouldn 't win .
i was embarrassed by his bad manners .
is tom dead yet ?
tom has big ears .
who 's going to australia with you ?
i suspect that 's not true .
they wish they could speak french .
if you hurt other people , you hurt yourself too .
we don 't want that to happen .
i wanted to make sure tom and mary were here .
it 's been a long time coming ; but tonight , because of what we did on this day , in this election , at this <unk> moment , change has come to america .
do you know anything about the school tom and mary go to ?
no one knows the reason .
that 's really hard .
do you know why tom and mary are mad ?
tom is looking for his son .
mary looked like she was sick .
tom is coming back soon , isn 't he ?
where did he pick up those old <unk> ?
mary didn 't actually do that herself .
sami hasn 't appeared .
my dad is complaining ; he 's been constantly busy since last week .
tom is trying not to smile .
tom 'll pay .
i 've already told tom he needs be there tomorrow by 2 : 30 .
" <unk> you ! " " thanks , you too . "
i could take very good care of you .
unfortunately , she lives abroad .
i am determined to make a living as a <unk> at all costs .
tom has to listen to us .
tom probably doesn 't yet know why mary didn 't want to do that .
i didn 't tell tom and mary why they had to work late .
tom is a boy .
what would mary say if she were here ?
he walked before me .
tom really stepped up for us .
tom doesn 't have to convince me .
then <unk> raised the pipe to her lips and blew with all her strength , and the cows hearing the pipe and <unk> the notes began to low and all at once <unk> into the sea . as they all <unk> from the same side the <unk> was <unk> , the waves closed over it and it <unk> .
he asked his friend for advice .
he talks like he 'd already read the book .
i looked to see if he was <unk> me .
i want to know how you feel about it .
sami lives in egypt .
you and your <unk> should spend time together .
i <unk> a lot of time trying to do that .
i suspect tom and mary are skeptical about that .
it was a good decision .
mary didn 't have her phone on her .
sami doesn 't know what love is .
he is rather hard to please .
aren 't you going to apologize to tom ?
tom said that the box was too heavy to lift by himself .
tom made it clear that he didn 't like mary .
are you going to use the <unk> to beat the eggs ?
tom needs to stay in boston for a couple weeks .
tom can also speak a little french .
i intend to do the same thing i did last time .
i 've never heard of it until now .
i know that you 're not planning on staying in australia .
tom said that he thought that i was wearing a <unk> .
tom has been on tv every night for thirty years .
all that belongs to the past now .
tom went over to the pool table .
you made the mistake on purpose , didn 't you ?
she looks like she 's skeptical .
we get it for free .
i don 't think that tom will be excited .
don 't you care what happens to tom ?
tom didn 't want to lie .
it looks like tom and mary are waiting for someone to help them .
if there was just <unk> yen more , he would have taken <unk> yen in total .
i asked if it would be safe to do that .
tom is still fairly shy .
he checked his watch .
does this mean anything to you ?
dan is on his way home .
we really like this teacher .
we have a special offer for you .
come along after me .
mary does whatever we tell her to do .
mary said she enjoyed doing that .
how often a month do you go to the movies ?
i don 't think tom is through doing that .
tom and mary told john they wanted to visit australia .
i think the person i saw talking to tom was mary .
i 'm not a good fit for this neighborhood .
layla went down the wrong path .
nice weather we 're having , isn 't it ?
tom is still pretending he 's not interested .
i know that tom is a bad student .
they say that they aren 't sleepy .
remember we have a meeting on october 20th at 2 : 30 .
we aren 't yet perfect .
he 'd stay if he could .
we cannot let them do this to us .
" are you going to tom 's party ? " " i 'm still not sure . "
we 'll miss you tonight .
i don 't think tom is lying .
you guys were great .
i 've been after tom to do that for weeks .
tom told mary that she 's forgiven for doing that .
tom is getting behind in his work .
even today , the temperature is below <unk> .
the elevator opened and tom got out .
tom wanted to listen to something by <unk> .
stars are born inside clouds of gas and dust called <unk> .
we have to correct our mistakes .
do not watch tv .
he tried to protect his kids .
where can we find a clean restaurant ?
i kind of wanted to be there yesterday .
start running .
mary is being quite foolish , isn 't she ?
this house is said to be haunted by <unk> .
sami was not injured .
everybody was completely worn out .
i need to impress them .
i don 't even care if they hate me .
tom said he 'd be interested in taking over mary 's job when she <unk> .
i don 't think that tom knows why i didn 't do that .
eventually , tom will realize that he needs help .
though asked to remain quiet , the boy <unk> out the answer to the question .
they said they 're sympathetic .
i thought that you and tom were going to do that together .
mary washed her hands quickly .
that child can count to twenty .
he doesn 't want to try anything else .
tom enjoys the fresh air .
why did you eat that ?
i usually went to bed at ten in my school days .
i don 't know much more than that .
the <unk> recently has been lost with the team .
i completely agree with what you 're saying .
i thought we would be more comfortable here .
i prefer to go alone .
tom is planning a trip in october .
tom lives far away from here .
you should get what you want .
mary said she was unlucky .
tom and mary said they 'll be ready to go by the time you get here .
you can handle this project any way you choose .
can you walk with your eyes closed ?
tom and mary don 't know why john and alice don 't like them .
sami 's arrest came as a surprise .
how does someone know what they want if they 've never even seen it ?
it is only normal to want to be happy .
i know tom doesn 't know mary has never done that before .
do i look like a fool ?
i can 't see you now .
i wonder when tom plans on doing that .
he really liked me !
sami kept telling me that .
don 't worry . your wife is not <unk> .
sami wanted to have things go his way .
i don 't really like doing that .
who will fill in for tom when he is away ?
how old will you be next year ?
he isn 't as <unk> as he used to be .
tom said that mary was likely to still be interested in doing that .
both tom and mary know john did that .
sami talks quite a lot , doesn 't he ?
tom and mary said that they like the sound of that .
i told tom to take better care of himself .
if it 's all right with you , i 'd appreciate your not <unk> up the subject . we don 't want to hear about it .
he had worked for the law firm for six years .
" i will do it , " said the little <unk> , and she became pale as death .
he probably won 't agree with your proposal .
i think tom and mary are lot better <unk> than you .
you might not know who layla is but she 's the best arabic teacher ever .
who 's crying ?
either write something worth reading or do something worth writing .
she wouldn 't do that herself .
tom took care of mary 's daughter while mary was in australia .
i was hoping you could do that for me .
the colour and make of the president 's car are ?
i wanted nothing to do with tom .
i left my <unk> 's house right after breakfast .
tom asked me to find out what mary wanted .
what 's the name ?
i didn 't go to college .
tom will go to the airport to pick mary up .
i wonder if something has happened .
how do i know if a guy is interested in me ?
i want to live in a town .
mary is in the army , isn 't she ?
you slept with her ?
tom probably won 't cry .
is tom with you now ?
imagine what it would be like if you had a time machine .
fight fire with fire .
tom says he 'll never give up .
since when do you care about what i think ?
then i was made aware that snakes have no ears with which to hear .
it 's what they all say .
how well she is singing !
tom and his friends <unk> down every tree on his property .
you think i 'm getting tired of doing that , don 't you ?
if you can 't make peace with yourself , how are you going to make peace with anyone else ?
i should never have been allowed to do that .
write your name , first of all .
we 're pretty confident .
i don 't think that tom should drive home since he 's been drinking .
did i lose a lot ?
he came along with his dog following him .
i see the man .
i told her i was coming .
do you see what tom is doing ?
i should have done that three weeks ago .
tom and mary said that they were annoyed .
tom has been in several movies .
sami heard <unk> coming back into his room .
would you like for me to carry that for you ?
tom is getting ready to leave .
i got out of there as fast as i was able to .
they 're useless .
tom denied mary was the one who asked him to do that .
perhaps we should consider what would happen if we don 't do this .
you know that tom no longer has to do that , don 't you ?
did you know tom didn 't like to do that ?
how are you finding the party ?
i think tom did the best he could .
i told mary that i wouldn 't help her .
it takes me a long time to wake up properly in the <unk> !
your hands are cold .
where are tom and mary when you need them ?
i think tom and mary will be hungry when they get home .
mary told me that she was thirsty .
tom didn 't invite me to his birthday party .
i didn 't think you could do that by yourselves .
he moved to new york , where he looked for a job .
why would tom want to kill mary ?
i have been living here for years .
no one else is here .
i suspect tom didn 't really want to do that .
the purpose of <unk> law is to stop the <unk> influence of the market by big companies .
there is a rumor that gold has been found in the <unk> .
are you really sure that this is what you want to do ?
my brain says no , but my <unk> says yes .
i like to have a deep conversation with a more <unk> person from time to time .
i didn 't expect tom to sing .
we 've decided to paint the walls light blue .
help yourself to the fruit .
tom is never going to wake up .
why would somebody hit her ?
what will you eat tomorrow ?
tom seldom does that alone .
tom wouldn 't have done that if mary hadn 't told him to .
i didn 't go to work all last week .
when i arrived at the station , my friends were waiting for me .
did you have any warning that this could happen ?
mary didn 't know how long she 'd have to wait .
i wasn 't surprised tom didn 't want to do that with us .
together , we can build a world that s more just and more <unk> and more free . that s a job for all of us .
i study english for one hour every day .
it is not fit that i should give myself pain , for i have never <unk> given pain even to another .
tom went to australia and stayed there until he died .
i should 've gone with you .
i told tom and mary i wanted them to quit .
sami brought back layla to cairo .
i told him to wait in the car .
she threatened to tell on me .
good luck with your first week and see you again soon !
he writes arabic .
i could solve the problem without any difficulty .
i hadn 't seen it before .
i appreciate your attention to detail .
i believe tom asked you to leave .
i <unk> tom would be able to talk mary into doing that .
sami had no explanation .
tom will eventually figure out that it was mary who did that .
i 'll never be like him .
tom has been living in boston for the past three years .
tom was just like a brother to me .
he plays there .
i 've been living here since 2013 .
nobody ever helps me .
why don 't we ask for his advice ?
he has a fine library of books on art .
i don 't have to explain myself to you .
sure . right away .
tom and mary said they thought they could cheer john up .
mary said she thought that tom was busy .
there are lots of <unk> places in london .
i didn 't come into work yesterday .
i didn 't want to see tom again .
i was about to call him , but then i forgot .
it looks like i may have to go to australia next summer .
i met him on the stairs as i was coming up .
i really like tom 's voice in this song .
did you get robbed ?
linda was pregnant with twins .
this house needs so many <unk> , it would be easier to <unk> it down and build a new one .
he gave no explanation why he had been absent .
doctors have made great <unk> in their fight against cancer .
when my son is doing nothing bad , he is sleeping .
tom is the man who helped mary do that .
treat the men well and the <unk> will come .
i think there is no point in trying to persuade him .
i told tom not to tell anyone .
tom said that he thought i might not need to do that until october .
however busy you may be , you must do your homework .
" which name do you prefer ? " " they 're both nice . "
sami is crazy as fuck .
tom said that he didn 't think that he 'd have enough time to do that today .
let 's stay together .
can i get a cup of coffee to go ?
kindness does more than violence .
what isn 't working ?
that 's why i told you that you shouldn 't go alone .
tom is too young to live by himself .
i 'm sure that tom will be back tomorrow .
what a strange story !
by all means consider yourself invited .
tom said that mary was with him .
does tom do this every day ?
when they met at a friend 's party , <unk> said he thought <unk> was cute .
i need to go the bathroom .
basketball is a team sport .
he is not alone in this opinion .
you don 't like me , do you ?
he said that he was getting hungry .
we will have to wait .
i 'd be very disappointed if i saw you doing that .
tom and mary think they have found the answer .
there used to be a <unk> of a lion at the gate .
i didn 't realize that i 'd been doing that the wrong way .
tom and mary came out of their rooms .
tom and mary aren 't planning on going together .
tom says he has no intention of doing that .
he told me about what he saw .
you can 't let anyone know that i 'm here .
do you not understand ?
i don 't think it 's a very good idea for you to hang out with tom .
tom has no right to do that .
i 'll do it .
<unk> drew near and many young trees were cut down .
you made the right call .
who will start ?
the musician is enjoying great <unk> both in japan and in america .
i wonder whether tom has ever considered <unk> to work .
layla did natural hair videos on youtube .
i don 't speak his language .
i wonder if tom is really strong enough to do that .
i study japanese history .
tom and mary know john isn 't going to do that .
i knew tom wasn 't going to do that .
they came in one by one .
i 'm fortunate compared to tom .
mary is like her mother .
tom might come to australia next week .
mary had no idea why tom wanted her to stop doing that .
i don 't want to be friends with her .
the longer you wait , the harder it 's going to be to do it .
tom was in a big hurry .
are tom and mary the only ones who don 't need to do that ?
tom will likely be punished for eating all the cookies .
i can 't take it for long .
mary said she thought tom would be in his office .
i bought this medicine for my father .
now is not the time to do that .
why does the phone have to ring all the time only when i 'm busy ? i can 't get any work done because of it .
he spent the weekend by himself .
tom knew how to make mary forget that she was homesick .
she realized she couldn 't to do that .
dan didn 't know anything about linda 's past .
are you still at home ?
how much is this hat ?
tom and mary have a daughter and a son .
before the fire engine arrived , the whole house was <unk> down .
i went to the university only to see my former french teacher again .
tom goes to the hospital three times a week .
tom is going to be very depressed .
tom seemed to be aware of what was happening .
i think that tom went out last night .
according to the old man i met yesterday , <unk> can be eaten and don 't taste all that bad .
i wrote it myself .
tom has improved a great deal .
the door was locked and we couldn 't enter .
i thought that we all had plans tonight .
right !
mary certainly enjoys her wine .
tom 's parents are getting divorced .
sami and layla 's marriage started like a match made in hell .
wisdom is a <unk> when wisdom does nothing for the man who has it .
when i told him i liked the picture , i really meant that .
he goes to a school for the deaf .
i left early .
even though mary had a bad cold , she went to work .
i doubt that tom is still hungry .
tom is probably going to go swimming again this afternoon .
the train was seen to come into the station by me .
too much <unk> , too little is nothing .
don 't think about stuff like that .
she hid behind her mom .
that 's a job of your own <unk> , isn 't it ?
i 'm at home every evening .
we 're up against the wall .
i 'm the oldest of three children .
i think tom will be doing that again today .
sleep is a good idea .
i don 't think that i should show tom how to do that .
she would prefer that i take the bus .
i wish i 'd known how to speak french .
tom asked mary to tell john what he ought to do .
you told tom , didn 't you ?
he always prefers to <unk> himself with girls .
i sense a victory .
tom said that mary will go to boston tomorrow .
your dog bit me .
but for you i 'll always be <unk> .
let 's go to your office .
are tom and mary retired ?
ken doesn 't know where his <unk> dog is .
tom didn 't just change jobs . he got fired .
tom ran away from home when he was thirteen .
i am a sensitive person , you know .
can you show it to me ?
do you have any other questions you want to ask me ?
tom was the only <unk> on the scene of the crime .
oh my god , tom has done it !
keep these documents in a safe place .
thanks in advance !
tom thought that mary would win .
i don 't think i can keep tom from doing that .
don 't forget to remind me to do that .
they said they 'd be tempted to do that .
what 's the most <unk> food you have ever eaten ?
it 's boring on the moon .
we need about five men to lift these heavy <unk> .
are you planning to stay ?
what 're you doing up ?
tom talked to the boys he met in the park .
you loved chocolate .
i 'd never allow that to happen .
we generally drink tea after a meal .
when mary did that , tom yelled at her .
i invited tom to dinner .
they can sit wherever they like .
my sister is a nurse .
you didn 't do that last week , did you ?
can you sing us a song ?
tom should probably tell mary what she needs to do .
he isn 't a criminal , is he ?
he looks like he 's troubled .
tom and mary said they couldn 't wait .
you seemed surprised .
i know that tom isn 't about half mary 's age .
i had no respect to layla from the moment i saw her .
oh , i just remembered .
let 's take a look at this machine .
tom 's first wife died in 2013 .
i 'm locked out of my room .
i know tom thinks mary is a <unk> .
tom just left a minute ago .
i don 't think that there should be any problem doing that .
i wouldn 't have gone to australia if i didn 't have to .
the <unk> beat the suspect until he was almost dead .
i think i can afford to buy that .
his latest work belongs to a different <unk> .
don 't you guys ever talk to each other ?
i don 't think anyone suspected that you weren 't tom .
as far as i can tell , the <unk> is clear .
he wanted to keep his marriage together .
you 're very good at changing the subject .
tom is the person that did that .
don 't forget to take your umbrella .
i knew i shouldn 't have done that with tom .
tom asked me if i was happy or not .
i 'd like to know what time you plan to do that .
i didn 't know i was being followed .
he put his hand on his heart .
i tried to get tom and mary to play with john .
mary says she 's interested .
now the secret is out .
i would love to have dinner with tom .
you can probably cut it with a pair of <unk> .
tom did a fine job .
i 'm still not sure who they are .
i can do that even better than tom can .
i wanted to write a book .
he appeared honest .
i hardly remember them .
advance two steps .
tom eats nothing but his mother 's cooking .
tom said that he 's glad mary was able to win .
the king was tired of his <unk> always <unk> him , so he sent them away .
tom ran out of the burning house .
they held up their right hands .
sami was somewhere in the dark .
i get arrested from time to time .
mary has stolen from her friends .
military training is training given to soldiers .
i don 't think that tom is boring .
i don 't have to worry about that happening .
in our family , everything <unk> around children .
tom is waiting in his car .
he said that he was really angry .
i was hoping we could play tennis this afternoon .
i can take you there to see it .
he turns a deaf ear to me .
who should we believe ?
i never actually met her .
i can 't tell you how angry that makes me .
i didn 't know her name .
tom asked mary why she didn 't like australia .
i gave him a ride .
sami needed to get his wisdom teeth <unk> .
i thought you knew tom was coming .
i tried to convince him that i was perfectly capable of it .
i can 't explain everything .
i don 't think tom will likely be able to do that very well .
i should 've let tom and mary do what they wanted to do .
does tom know i can 't swim ?
tell tom that we 'll be ready .
tom looks worse than before .
her purse is the same color as her shoes .
they tried to kill themselves yesterday .
i 'd rather not tell you .
i wanted to <unk> my berber , so i needed to talk more to my <unk> .
tom is a member of our group as well .
sami knew layla 's mom .
i thought tom and mary would apologize to me , but they didn 't .
don 't be afraid of barking dogs .
it was tom 's idea to come here .
i meant to call tom .
you will bring tom , won 't you ?
tom told mary that he thought john was annoying .
sami hid the gun in the money .
do you remember seeing the movie together before ?
sami broke that rule .
how do you plan to go to australia ?
do you really think that 'll happen ?
don 't be so gay !
it looks like tom has fallen asleep .
i 'm never going to come here again .
tom likes the way mary makes potato salad .
sami knows layla 's name .
i read as few books as possible .
during the press conference , the president touched on foreign <unk> .
tom said he was <unk> when he was thirteen .
mary didn 't pay her taxes on time .
i 'm doing everything for you .
she gives me a <unk> look every time she sees me .
mary said she 'd definitely do that .
i don 't want my parents to know that i got drunk last night .
if tom finds out what you did , he 'll kill you .
i suspect that tom does that from time to time .
tom would like to be <unk> as a woman .
this shirt needs to be washed .
i opened one .
what was it that he was looking for ?
i can understand <unk> , but i can 't speak it .
we won 't accept that .
strange to say , i didn 't feel any pain .
tom expected mary to be in good <unk> .
sami was so strict .
tom fell in love with mary the first time he met her .
tom will be surprised if mary doesn 't do that .
are you going to tell tom and mary what they need to do or would you rather i told them ?
nobody needs to say anything .
sami couldn 't do it .
as <unk> failed , workers lost their jobs .
they looked like they were homeless .
when and how did the message in a bottle appear ?
where were you boys yesterday ?
well , it hasn 't happened yet .
we 'll eat dinner as soon as tom gets home .
we went to both boston and chicago .
that 's been known to work .
i really should know the answer .
i wonder what i should do if tom doesn 't do that .
i love the beautiful day .
sami checked to see if layla was alive .
sami was mad as hell .
you haven 't got a chance .
they said that they knew you .
he felt himself being carried .
i had no other choice but to do it .
that was obviously a stupid idea .
this is the worst teacher i have had in my whole entire life .
tom isn 't as patient as mary , is he ?
i had to look after you .
she is a pretty girl .
i just wanted to warn you .
tom and mary are with their parents .
i think tom and mary are still hungry .
how much do you trust what tom says ?
tom must have gone inside .
mary says she thinks that isn 't going to happen .
tom is coming with us to boston .
" what happened last night ? " " nothing . "
tom was born on october 20 , 2013 in boston .
i didn 't expect to be asked to sing .
tom and mary never said anything about where they 'd been .
this essay is much too long . you have to <unk> it by getting rid of all the <unk> .
tom was disappointed that mary didn 't come to his party .
there is no reason to be afraid of the teacher .
sami and layla were ready for action .
maybe tom and mary don 't remember me .
tom wondered where mary could be going .
i want to give you a gift .
tom didn 't even know how to do that until he was thirteen .
she told me she liked snow .
tom and mary say they 're tired of everybody 's complaining .
tom wanted me to help you .
mary doesn 't want to go to school anymore .
tom and mary said they thought john was outside waiting for you .
mary took her shoes and socks off .
tom poured himself another glass of wine from the bottle .
tom said he wasn 't likely to cry .
can you really blame him ?
your wife is mad at you .
tom doesn 't want to take a chance .
i 'm a cool kid .
he told me that he wasn 't sick .
i should 've listened to her .
go and clean up your face !
i thought that tom had a meeting this afternoon .
you don 't even know his name , do you ?
the teacher explained the difference between the sentences " we all know tom is guilty " and " all that we know is that tom is guilty . "
tom and i shared a jail cell last weekend .
i 'm pretty pleased with how things worked out .
i thought that you said that you wanted to tell tom that he shouldn 't do that .
this town needs a smith .
the boy was all but drowned .
i 'd feel better if you 'd wait for me .
it won 't be so easy for them to get sami out of here .
sami doesn 't remember of layla did anything to him .
i 've sent for the doctor .
i 'm the one who helped tom pull <unk> in the garden .
you should always try to do your best .
most people wouldn 't want to do that .
sami slept until 6 o 'clock .
he 's <unk> . his favorite children 's show was canceled .
tom and mary were very good at doing that when they were young .
sami closed the door behind him .
where did tom find that ?
sami needed a lot of money .
we shouldn 't tell tom anything .
tom shouted mary 's name as loud as he could , but she didn 't hear him .
does it make a big difference ?
i 've heard all this before .
sami and farid started to go through roommate issues .
tom and mary met in a <unk> club , got married , and now <unk> over three hundred pounds each .
tom was turned down .
as a rule , she is an early <unk> .
i 'm still running a little bit late .
he was forced to sign the document .
sami read layla 's text message .
he says he 's not happy .
maybe tom didn 't plan to be here this soon .
have you guys seen her today ?
we could die .
i have a boss who is much younger than me .
tom said mary 's dog was twice as big as his .
you didn 't want to tell tom about that , did you ?
we 're both insane .
you are a beautiful couple .
i know that tom is a red cross volunteer .
as in <unk> europe , pollution in china is getting worse and worse .
tom thinks that mary is amazing .
sami was very little .
he did what he was supposed to do .
it might be possible to contact tom .
maria never married .
tom told mary that he had to do that today .
tom won 't let us go there without mary .
mary said she doesn 't think tom should do that anymore .
i was trying to tell her that .
the boy bought a book .
tom claims he doesn 't watch much tv , but he watches more than three hours every day .
you have no idea what you 're talking about .
we 'll get back to you before the end of the week .
tom took the larger apple and gave the smaller one to mary .
i 'm listening to the music .
why did tom not want to do that ?
it wouldn 't do any good to do that .
the truly wise people usually lack the <unk> .
sami visited layla for a few weeks .
tom and mary said they didn 't see anyone else .
do it <unk> . don 't try to get it all done at once .
sami hired a driver .
mary is living by herself , isn 't she ?
can you wait a bit ?
i guess you didn 't get my message .
did you get a christmas present for tom this year ?
it would 've been <unk> to do that together .
i don 't know if i should turn left or right .
tom and mary live in the same house .
three soldiers who came back from the war are <unk> a house at the edge of a small town on the <unk> of the <unk> sea and live together .
we always get a lot of <unk> this time of year .
hurry up or we 'll be late !
i was very ashamed of what i had done .
the plane is just about to start .
ask tom to call me . he has my number .
i think i played pretty well .
mary said that she likes pizza .
let 's start a band .
sami called layla in the middle of the night .
you 're not a policeman , are you ?
tom is a street musician .
mary said that she knew the area well .
tom and mary left the room at the same time .
i don 't know how much longer i can put up with this .
sami lost so much blood .
he said last night he might retire .
don t make me add more to your sentence , said the judge .
what would you say if you were in this situation ?
i 'm sure i 'm wrong .
please stop telling me the same story .
are you still planning to go to boston next weekend ?
they say that he was ambitious when young .
mary told tom that she didn 't think he 'd been fair .
you never change .
don 't break his heart .
i 'd hoped i 'd be allowed to do that .
you were in danger .
i think it 's important for us to stay calm .
there is no human being from whom we cannot learn something if we are interested enough to <unk> deep .
i 'm married now .
tom thinks that mary will be absent .
tom and mary put honey in their tea .
i know how you must feel , tom , no one can stop you from doing what you know you must do .
tom knew what mary was planning to cook for dinner .
i was much moved by his speech .
" i think that this is <unk> . " " what 's <unk> about it ? "
mary 's <unk> husband was arrested for driving while intoxicated .
tom cried when his dog died .
you really could have gotten hurt .
why don 't they do something ?
i 'd rather go home .
i love you , do you hear me ? i love you !
what are you doing to change things ?
tom bought himself a dog .
it might rain , so take your umbrella with you .
tom says he still can 't believe it .
why did you go over my head on this ?
i 've never been there before .
i destroyed everything .
tom is still very upset .
tom said that won 't happen .
his speech lasted three hours .
there 's a map on the wall .
i didn 't know that tom was going to australia with mary .
he is not in his right mind .
they looked like they were determined .
tom is in a bad mood today .
what tom and mary were doing looked like fun .
tom was looking quite happy .
i like the new house more than the old .
which credit cards can i use ?
mary said she never wanted to see tom again .
he made me a cake .
i know that both tom and mary have houses in australia .
sami was sweet as hell .
how are things at home ?
you 're not the only one who has had problems with tom , are you ?
tom and mary didn 't know they were supposed to do that .
he was locked up in the tower for months .
i saw tom today .
we need that from tom .
how much longer can we keep tom on life support ?
mary looked at me and smiled .
i thought that you didn 't have one .
i know nothing in respect of this .
tell her that i am doing shopping .
mary is capable of doing it , isn 't she ?
they told me where they parked their car .
" sami " was the first name that <unk> in my head .
we have something for them .
we aren 't at home now . please leave a message after the <unk> .
i want tom to leave .
tom said he wished that he hadn 't given mary any money .
tom doesn 't do that as fast as mary .
you , stay still !
lesson three is hard .
tom and mary say that when they did that , john started crying .
i would do anything but that .
what have you been doing recently ?
did you know tom didn 't need to do that ?
i should 've known something was wrong when tom wasn 't here by 2 : 30 .
mary used to do that , didn 't she ?
sami had a relationship outside of marriage .
i can 't even afford to buy a used car .
tom and mary were sitting on the steps in front of the library .
if you dream of starting your own business , but sit , enjoy yourself and don 't do anything in that direction , you will not achieve anything .
i don 't think tom would be stupid enough to do something like that .
is this a sign ?
if only he could see you now .
people who don 't want to go , don 't have to .
he called for help .
tom knew mary didn 't have enough money to buy everything she wanted .
we are not on the earth forever , but only for a time .
tom said he thought mary would be nervous .
it will be dark by the time we come back .
tom writes to me every week .
i didn 't think there was any chance tom would forget to do that .
do you want me to call a doctor ?
tom told mary that she should stop pretending to be annoyed .
he lives in kyoto .
" please give me some water . " " all right . "
you really should be helping tom right now .
you don 't eat very fast , do you ?
i 'll ask tom to get you something to eat .
she said she should do that .
tom told mary that he thought john wasn 't <unk> .
he 's afraid .
since i had some free time yesterday , i decided to do that with tom .
i need to figure out what 's going on .
i saw you making eyes at mr <unk> .
maybe you should leave me alone .
tom asked mary if she was sleepy .
he meant it .
tom could 've done that by himself , i think .
you can 't have lost your coat in the house .
i have other plans for her .
i 'd like to call my parents .
tom said that the meeting went well .
we went swimming in the river .
aren 't you interested in football ?
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was happy .
i didn 't know you would do that yesterday .
we 've been friends for a long time .
sami stopped yelling .
it looks like tom and mary are afraid .
tom looked like he was in a hurry to get home .
tom said he doesn 't think mary really enjoyed doing that .
mary cut her finger with a knife .
there 's too much money in these <unk> .
tom has just turned thirty .
how many songs has tom written with mary ?
tom certainly seems to enjoy mary 's company .
that 's very good !
this woman is blind .
we just need one shot .
tom knew mary understood the problem .
sami was getting beat up .
it 'll soon be too dark to see .
you have to make the <unk> very straight .
i paid about 50 dollars .
tom needs to make sure that mary knows what she is supposed to do .
tom isn 't staying here .
i think tom doesn 't understand french .
we 'll wait until tom and mary get here .
you should try to not worry so much .
what kind of reading do you like to do ?
in the past , the boys were taught to <unk> for themselves while still very young .
she wanted to live the american dream .
tom still has time to do that before 2 : 30 .
give them the gun .
do you think you 'll be able to solve the problem by yourselves ?
she realized her <unk> to become a great scientist .
tom handed mary a gun .
did tom really move to boston ?
tom is going to buy a used car .
do you know it for a fact ?
you should go to a dentist immediately .
he studied hard and passed the test .
i 'm game for it .
it 's very unlikely that we will <unk> a new album before next winter .
you won 't permit tom to do that again , will you ?
tom wanted to kiss mary .
tom must 've been alone .
we have nothing left to lose .
i 'm sick and tired of this situation .
is he busy ?
sami and i started talking .
the birds sang as only birds can sing on a bright spring morning .
we have a new problem .
tom probably shouldn 't have bought what he bought .
i had an argument with her .
she drives me mad .
he lost his job recently .
have you ever dreamed of me ?
just go inside .
wasn 't tom supposed to do that on october 20th ?
i saw him go out .
you trust us , don 't you ?
tom doesn 't like fish very much and seldom ever eats it .
he 's about the same age as you are .
mary regrets doing what she did .
sami stayed right there .
nobody 's in the classroom now .
the construction just started .
tom had no idea why mary wasn 't happy .
he worked for several hours .
you 're the one who told me that i shouldn 't do that , aren 't you ?
when i asked him to lend me some money , he turned down my request .
i just don 't feel like doing my math homework .
i don 't think that i 'll have time to do that today .
we 'll come back .
i already know the secret .
i regret leaving australia .
history will be kind to me , for i intend to write it .
i 've never seen her around here .
tom smiled when he saw me .
that 's tom 's job .
i doubt if tom will be suspended .
if it had not been for the storm , we would have been in time for the meeting .
sami doesn 't hang out with them .
i know tom didn 't know when mary would do that .
tom and mary looked like they were ready .
tom is wearing a birthday hat .
all the soldiers stood side by side .
he couldn 't help doing so in the face of <unk> .
i 'm sure you won 't like it .
mary said she would do that tomorrow .
sami used to cut himself .
i wonder whether tom and mary are teachers .
he reached for his glasses .
french is the only foreign language that tom knows .
mary started to come in , but tom stopped her .
i 'm pretty sure it was tom who did that .
they said that they 're not going to do that .
sami wanted to break off the affair .
you may go swimming or fishing .
i am <unk> well from a man to a woman .
tom couldn 't believe that that was really happening .
would you like to have children ?
tom heard mary talking .
tom and mary say they don 't know why the picnic was canceled .
tom told me where the party would be , but he forgot to tell me what time it was going to start .
sami didn 't want to be <unk> in the village by his cheating wife .
they have left here , perhaps for good .
you just missed <unk> as she went out .
tom and mary said that they had the day off .
i don 't think that tom would be nervous doing that .
i suspect tom had nothing to do with this .
some people talk in their sleep . <unk> talk while other people sleep .
tom is sick of doing that .
both tom and mary want to do that .
nobody believed you , did they ?
tom 's plan sounded much more reasonable than mary 's plan .
why is tom so interested in that ?
i 've persuaded tom to wait until next week to do that .
they walk too slow .
everyone agreed with this idea .
tom doesn 't need that .
the bible tells us to love our neighbor .
i don 't think tom will be punished for doing that .
tom <unk> in the pond behind his house .
i don 't understand why tom didn 't do that .
he pretended he didn 't know me .
this man has no feelings .
thanks for staying with tom .
let 's hope this never happens again .
my legs are weak .
tom says he knows mary will eventually leave him .
she often lies about her age .
tom and i have a great relationship .
mary said that she 's pretty sure that tom has seen john do that .
i 'm feeling hungry .
i should be there pretty soon .
if you want to buy a cheap guitar , go to a <unk> shop .
i was expecting a letter from her .
tom and mary called to say they 'd be three hours late .
tom and mary can do that anywhere they want .
it 's nothing , don 't be afraid !
tom and mary were sitting close to me .
he said that he didn 't have a dog .
you 're the only one who didn 't pass the test .
what 's this got to do with tom ?
this is what you 're paid to do .
she had seen <unk> , but only far away , so that they looked like <unk> .
but what does all this have to do with tatoeba ?
tom and mary are likely never going to see each other again .
tom is working late .
i thought you said that you could swim .
i must do that before i go to bed .
they seem to be talking to themselves .
why are these girls so cruel ?
everyone wanted to sing .
this party isn 't for you .
the wood 's got to be <unk> carefully .
this <unk> site was damaged during the war .
tom and i are better than you are .
there is not a <unk> of truth in it .
you 're not tall enough , are you ?
i know what you 're <unk> , and i don 't like it .
you 're not attracted to me , are you ?
i am your daughter .
tom told me he thought that mary would do that .
tom is probably going to be doing that early tomorrow morning .
if you do that , you will be cheating .
tom wasn 't very healthy at that time .
i have it completely under control .
sami wanted to focus on school .
tom said that mary knew john might be required to do that in the near future .
tom ran to catch the last train .
my mother put clean <unk> on my bed .
i want to move away from here .
fadil was growing up fast .
i 'm sure tom will tell us the truth .
you did something wrong .
they were confused .
we 'll know by the end of the day .
i read it in the train .
i went out for a walk to get some fresh air .
we 'll play football after school .
he could not make it in business .
he 's very honest , so we can <unk> on him .
you aren 't going like that , are you ?
something bit him .
you like coffee best .
tom has been pulled over a lot .
i 'm sure i 'll pass the exam .
i never even met them .
there 's absolutely no chance that tom will win the race .
go help your father .
i think tom might be curious about that .
tom couldn 't wait to do that .
you 'd better be very sure before you <unk> tom of anything .
let 's not forget we never could have done this without tom 's help .
the police were looking for a lead .
mary ran too fast for me to catch up with her .
just as i was about to get into the <unk> , tom dropped by for a visit .
tom wore a black motorcycle jacket .
how much did it cost you fly to boston ?
i searched <unk> , but i found nothing .
" you don 't know <unk> holmes yet , " he said ; " perhaps you would not care for him as a constant <unk> . "
i 'm sure tom has already spent a lot of the money we gave him .
i don 't think mary knows who 's going to help her .
looks are everything .
tom can 't be that naive .
tom and mary filled their glasses with wine .
you must tell me who it is .
lesson three is difficult .
i want to do that as much as you do .
my ears are cold .
hello , my dear , i made two pictures and i want your opinion on them .
tom realized that mary had to do that .
you should tell tom to come early .
please give me the money in <unk> bills .
sami made serious mistakes .
they told me that they didn 't smoke .
tomorrow is a holiday and i don 't have to work .
sami 's boat was stolen .
i 'm afraid it will rain tomorrow .
she said she 'll wait .
tom was afraid to tell his parents .
tom still doesn 't know who 's going to do that .
stop immediately .
how much coffee do you think tom drinks every day ?
they said they were feeling fine .
there 's a cat in my house .
is that tom 's brother ?
sami <unk> the door open and that woke layla up .
could i possibly talk to you for a moment ?
i 'm not always late , but i admit that i often am .
i already have plans for tonight .
she has great respect for her form teacher .
i want to go .
it happens that we have the same birthday .
he was never sick .
i know tom should do that again .
i 'm going to take him home .
tom thinks that mary will be back soon .
tom has lost both of his parents .
i know you aren 't scared .
i 'll call back in twenty minutes .
the greatest wisdom has no shape ; the greatest <unk> is the latest to be <unk> ; the greatest music has the most <unk> notes .
mary is moving , isn 't she ?
what can be found beyond the end of the universe ?
we 're almost dead already .
my flight leaves in less than an hour .
how many tickets did you get ?
i don 't think that would ever happen .
it isn 't hard to do that .
tom is making a cup of tea .
i didn 't know that you were so old .
tom has left the country .
i didn 't help wash the dishes .
you just begin then god will help you .
i 'd be ok with that .
there was no way out of the bathroom .
now you 've mentioned it , i remember coming here with my parents when i was a child .
my brother learned how hard working i am .
mary told me she would leave soon .
i wasn 't surprised to see tom at the concert .
i can 't play the french <unk> , but tom can .
i thought that tom knew what mary had to do .
that 's a good picture of her .
do tom and mary still want to go shopping with us this afternoon ?
i was offered a new job .
i didn 't know tom used to teach you french .
tom asked me if i liked it .
when was the last time you went <unk> ?
tom asked for my permission to use my computer .
does tom want me to say something ?
i don 't want to think about anything anymore .
while i was coming home i saw him , but he pretended that he hadn 't seen me .
we 'll miss you when you 're not here .
don 't open this letter until you 're out of the country .
sami had a bad back .
tom didn 't do too badly himself .
do tom and mary want this or not ?
i thought mary would want to do that .
mary drowned in her swimming pool .
layla is gonna do it again .
he lives in front of my house .
tom never eats eggs without salt and <unk> .
what kind of <unk> did you buy for the children ?
if they don 't want this , then what do they want ?
mary says she believes she can win .
mary said she 's happy that you didn 't do that .
i 'll stay and watch them .
sami wasn 't really my best friend at the time .
tom might be sympathetic .
tom said that mary knew he might not have to do that .
i 'm still not very fluent in french .
i put my arms around his neck .
i think that tom is going to be tired when he gets home .
i don 't know for certain .
i don 't think that tom is a very good lawyer .
i don 't know if you feel the same as i do .
they wanted me out of the way .
were you serious ?
this is our problem .
tom needs to help his parents .
mary 's hair is <unk> in the wind .
tom will still be able to make it on time if he <unk> .
i thought tom was carrying a gun .
i always try to make sure that everyone feels welcome .
why can 't we walk ?
are you sure tom can do this ?
tom and mary have a car , but they rarely use it .
i studied french for a while .
i met him by chance on the train this morning .
but i will always be honest with you about the <unk> we face .
they told me that they 'd never let me down .
i 'll apologize later .
i know tom is better at playing the <unk> than mary .
it 's absolutely true .
tom is going to tell me everything eventually .
tom should be able to do that if you help him .
he was injured in a car accident .
tom and mary don 't want to discuss the problem with john .
i thought that you wanted a divorce .
they told me that they 'd call me back .
i 'm coming back for tom .
the brain is an <unk> with which we think that we think .
tom needs your attention .
it 's not too late for you .
i didn 't believe that either .
i think that tom goes to australia at least once a year .
mary knows she shouldn 't do that anymore .
mary learned to swim when she was very young .
i 'll try my best to arrive early .
tom taught me to read .
he 's not as <unk> as he used to be .
football is a violent sport .
have you ever had an operation ?
she did do that , didn 't she ?
i hope that you can do that before 2 : 30 .
would you like to say something to everyone here ?
tom laughed at all of mary 's jokes , even the ones he didn 't think were funny .
i haven 't been to a movie theater in a long time .
you , too , can achieve success if you try .
sami should have taken pictures of layla 's room .
i want you to leave .
tom is the best <unk> i 've ever heard in person .
tom has done what you asked him to do .
i think that tom could go to boston with you .
tom is going to be tried as an adult .
tom put all his eggs in one <unk> .
what time did tom say he wanted us to be there ?
mary says she needs more time than that .
tom and mary are really going to miss you .
tom has told me all about it .
she bought a new car .
sami was trying to keep layla calm .
tom might ask you to help him .
i think tom isn 't home .
tom is fun to play with .
<unk> 's mother is a very beautiful woman .
tom said that it wasn 't him who did that .
i 'm no longer bored .
why don 't you ask him ?
tom and mary are quite <unk> , aren 't they ?
i must have my watch repaired .
i had tom drive me to work .
i won 't allow you to continue your <unk> in my daughter 's life .
tom is with mary , isn 't he ?
what do you think it says ?
i went to <unk> , where i first met her .
i think that this chinese guy is a muslim . he 's listening to the <unk> .
sami didn 't want to retire so early .
i wish there were some cute guys in my class .
you 're upset and you have every right to be .
we sure ate a lot of hot dogs today . i never want to see another hot dog as long as i live .
make me your waiting <unk> , or set me to any work you choose , but do not cast me forth into the world .
tom said he thought that mary would need to do that .
it doesn 't really matter whether tom does that or not .
i 'll replace her .
what are tom and mary drinking ?
tom and mary are doctors .
tom is going to be really proud .
do you have any smaller bills ?
would you like some more cookies ?
i don 't understand how you can say that .
i thought that everyone here could speak french .
tom and i went fishing yesterday .
tom is never going to find out who did that .
what do we call you ?
man is something that must be <unk> ; man is a bridge and not an end .
i didn 't want to bother you .
fadil is no different .
sami was clearly frustrated .
i 'm worried about that .
tatoeba : sentences , sentences , and more sentences .
mary spilled her drink .
tom knew he had done something wrong .
that reads two different ways .
the gods are pleased by your actions .
sami played a chess match .
tom is trying to stay calm .
they work five days a week in italy .
he says he has to do that , too .
he said he could probably win .
do you plan to continue working until 10 : 00 ?
they said that they were at school .
we had a good time there .
give me my beer .
nonsense .
give tom credit for that .
tom and mary are on the same flight .
in winter , i feel more tired .
tom is sick , so he can 't help us today .
tom probably won 't be doing that tomorrow .
tom doesn 't think mary will do the job well .
she said she wanted to do this .
look , are you going to help or not ?
i don 't think tom knows exactly what he ought to do .
one of us has to do that .
tom told me he had a knife .
i 'm gonna teach you berber .
tom was afraid he was going to die .
tom and mary didn 't think they needed to do that .
i thought tom and mary were in australia .
it looks like tom .
did mary tell you where she was going ?
i will act on your advice .
will you take me home ?
we 're meeting in an hour in front of the hotel .
how did you find out tom had to do that ?
i wonder whether tom really knew he needed to do that .
they slipped off their shoes .
i wish that i wasn 't here .
tom and mary thought they might be required to do that .
there is not much traffic on this road .
mary is a fast driver , isn 't she ?
without the light of the sun , we could see nothing .
tom told me that he wanted me to learn how to do that .
i think i 'll go now .
tom was just great .
once you start , carry it on .
i want my father to see the movie .
i 'm the only person who didn 't do that .
turn right at the red light .
soon we were clear of the town .
please tell me you aren 't that stupid .
tom knew mary wasn 't really paying attention .
tom said he shouldn 't have done that .
john <unk> 's songs are still popular today .
i don 't know what to feed my dog .
i wonder whether tom is as <unk> as mary .
i own this place .
he worked hard , until he fell ill .
i just gave tom 30 dollars .
they said that they didn 't know where to go .
good morning , doctor !
tom and i have jobs .
don 't show this to her .
what time does the talent show start ?
i never listen to classical music anymore .
he can 't make a decision .
tom said mary 's parents seemed like nice people .
how do we know that that isn 't true ?
americans simply had no desire to fight .
i 'm washing my brother 's car .
tom seemed to do a very nice job .
i wrote to everybody <unk> after their health in the hot season .
i bet you can not even guess what it is !
his new book will appear next month .
you 're not even giving it a chance .
these two friends are always together .
tom wasn 't aware that there was a problem .
it was really moving .
i don 't think about that .
i 've found a job .
do you know where the girl lives ?
tom is an aggressive person .
sami and layla 's relationship was so <unk> .
i got married three weeks ago .
i guess i 'll have to do that .
she runs the business with her daughters .
if i 'd had more money , i would 've bought a better bicycle .
for <unk> years , i 've been living in suffering !
don 't ride that horse . he 'll throw you .
tom can 't be serious .
tom won 't find anyone who 'll do that for him .
i won 't let those <unk> to hurt sami .
someone was there .
parking isn 't allowed here .
tom is waiting to see what 's going to happen .
you look guilty .
tom said that he didn 't drink wine .
they told me that they were dizzy .
tom and mary didn 't seem surprised when i told them i didn 't need to do that .
i found some old <unk> in the box tom gave me .
are you hiding from them ?
mary has finished doing that , hasn 't she ?
i don 't care , and neither should you .
i wanted to speak with you first .
if you really have <unk> for acting the way you did , then please tell me .
my father always ate in this restaurant .
how can you do this to me ?
this boy often <unk> our window with his ball .
you shouldn 't use someone else 's <unk> .
sami had actually lived in the cairo area .
has tom come back already ?
i know that i 'm not going to win .
i 'm sorry i haven 't been able to be here for you .
" those flowers are very lovely . " " it 's nice of you to say that . "
i 'm sorry you got fired .
it 's pretty light .
tom is building something in his backyard .
i 'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long .
i can 't help with that .
tom did that without anybody 's help .
tom is quite young .
are you really coming ?
i told him what happened .
i 'm afraid it 's going to take a bit more time .
she wished her mother would not be mad at her .
tom took off after them .
i don 't think that tom can help us .
i am not gay ! .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't mind waiting for us .
tom and mary said that they liked speaking french .
tom said mary has never eaten lunch with him .
it worked for her .
i wonder if tom and mary are still cold .
sami didn 't want to talk to the police .
i don 't want to lose .
he was at a loss as to which <unk> to choose .
she said she was tempted to do that .
just let him speak .
i told tom why we had to help mary .
i want to work in a factory .
tom believes that there are good and evil <unk> .
i suspect that tom and mary are <unk> .
i don 't think the zoo is open today .
why did she come here today ?
i called him on the telephone .
what 's tom 's favorite movie ?
the young couple fell in love with each other very soon .
i just want you to know i forgive you .
sami 's life sentence was an <unk> to his <unk> sentence for killing layla and her baby daughter .
i 'd just like to go home .
i know that tom didn 't know mary was the one who was supposed to do that .
tom never intended to hurt anyone .
tom must miss mary .
they decided to do that on their own .
i only had thirty dollars .
get your own place .
we should get tom to do that for us .
i 'm really worried about them .
you did the right thing .
there 's a full stop missing from the end of the sentence .
tom and mary told me they 'd like to help .
mary opened her eyes again .
tom 's engaged .
i wonder why tom is worried .
do you have work experience ?
sami had this smile on his face from ear to ear .
i don 't have much desire for wealth .
tom trusted mary to do the right thing .
i don 't intend to do the same thing i did last time .
i think that tom killed mary .
i think that tom and mary are both blind .
the furniture that tom bought was expensive .
there are many abandoned cats in the world .
don 't you have to do that now ?
i know that tom is afraid of ghosts .
i haven 't said yes yet .
the king <unk> over his people for forty years .
tom is here and he 'd like to talk to you .
i don 't want to play chess with you .
how did you ever get tom to give you that painting ?
your idea : is it <unk> or genius ?
an old man spoke to me on the street .
i know that tom will tell mary the truth .
that doesn 't even make sense .
of all the countries i 've visited , i liked australia the best .
tom and mary could 've been finished doing that by 2 : 30 if they 'd worked a little faster .
tom didn 't know that mary was going to do that .
tom told mary that she was right .
i 'm very proud of my team .
he is a member of the <unk> board .
if tom wants to stay , i have no <unk> .
if you have any difficulty , ask me for help .
i 'm hoping to go to australia .
i know that tom is a lot happier since he changed jobs .
mary asked tom if she could borrow his french <unk> .
for some years the poor man lived on alone with the children , <unk> for them as best he could ; but everything in the house seemed to go wrong without a woman to look after it , and at last he made up his mind to marry again , feeling that a wife would bring peace and order to his <unk> and take care of his <unk> children .
tom didn 't really know why .
" can 't you give this little <unk> something which will make her as strong as twelve men , to <unk> the snow queen ? " " the power of twelve men ! " said the <unk> woman ; " that would be of very little use . "
i 've been waiting for this .
i don 't think i 'll get in trouble if i do that .
tom was arrested in boston last week .
people whose <unk> are in the town want to live in the country .
please write your name at the bottom of this paper .
be true to yourself .
they gave me a line of credit .
it 's like a scene from a movie , isn 't it ?
layla and six other students were wearing the hijab .
mary told the doctor that she felt no pain .
tom said that i looked very happy .
we can 't do what tom and mary want us to do .
tom thought that mary wouldn 't enjoy doing that .
i don 't think tom would let me drive .
he 's smarter than me .
tell them i 'm not here .
tom isn 't sick , but mary is .
who organized the meeting ?
he 's not smart enough to work it out in his head .
would you care for a drink of <unk> ?
i advise you all to get plenty of rest .
that isn 't for tom .
i don 't know how to use this berber <unk> .
mary said she was concerned .
i want to be doing a good job .
don 't ask me to do that .
i put my suitcase down .
he doesn 't like football .
he says he 'll agree to do that .
tom knew he 'd just made a serious mistake .
you should especially not drink on an empty stomach .
i 'm sick and tired of you always parking in my space .
john 's parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe .
tom wanted to tell mary why he couldn 't do that .
tom told me to be there by 2 : 30 .
i have to be honest with tom .
i 'm always looking at you .
tom couldn 't find his <unk> on the map .
tom should be in his room .
at the battle of <unk> , french forces stopped a german attack .
he 's the love of my life .
i 've never been robbed before .
i had a <unk> pulled out last week .
i know i 'll never forget you .
everything turned out all right in the end .
i have a grown daughter .
that tower you see over there is the <unk> tower .
i never meant to say that the <unk> are generally stupid . i meant to say that stupid people are generally conservative .
she gave the boy a <unk> in which to carry water from the well .
do you like doing this ?
i don 't want to sound <unk> , but ...
tell tom to keep quiet .
they were looking for a fight .
i 'll have to ask you to leave .
he looks like he belongs here .
i know that we can take care of ourselves .
money is needed .
layla and sami sat at the picnic table .
he killed himself last night .
tom said he hoped he never needed to do that again .
is that what tom meant ?
" why did tom do that ? " " i don 't know . "
i don 't know if i really want to do that .
tom is the <unk> man in this town .
would you like to go to germany with me ?
tom said he thought that mary was unlikely to do that .
it 's possible that tom doesn 't realize how serious the problem is .
no one was in the swimming pool .
tom is no longer married to mary .
he thinks i 'm jealous .
we just want to win .
tom <unk> a gym bag with him all the time .
tom isn 't leaving , is he ?
tom 's behavior never <unk> to surprise me .
i don 't think that anybody suspected you weren 't tom .
tom will leave the day after tomorrow .
i 'm certainly glad you 're here .
tom will be staying in boston for three months .
this is my house .
mary said that tom 's complaining didn 't bother her .
he would have his say on the subject .
but it seems that you like it .
she doesn 't seem to be an american .
tom spent no more money than was necessary .
i 'm very shy .
tom won 't likely be as mad at mary as he was at john .
i 'm afraid there 'll be a great many <unk> in store for you through life .
i almost feel sorry for her .
i heard that tom doesn 't swim very often .
my dog is pretty smart .
mary didn 't know that she had to do that by herself .
we must look after her children this evening .
the <unk> animals <unk> a long away , because the road they were following was narrow .
tell him that i 'm fine .
things don 't always happen the way we expect to happen .
i haven 't eaten meat in a long time .
how long is that going to take ?
are they still angry ?
there is little , if any , hope of his being alive .
sami understood that .
i can not get the message through to her .
have you ever seen it ?
mary told tom that she was going to show him how to do that .
tom wants to be a better person .
i want to see how good i can get .
esperanto is a useful language .
they were waiting for the gate to open .
we can not live without water , not even for one day .
tom got a letter from mary .
the economy of the island is <unk> on the fishing industry .
that 's something we 've never had to worry about before .
oh , let me show you .
tom helped out .
tom drew this picture .
i 'm having problems with her .
tom said that mary was likely to be interested in doing that .
you didn 't actually see anything , did you ?
wouldn 't you rather eat chinese food ?
tom and mary hardly ever buy things they don 't need .
i know tom knows mary can 't do that .
we 've got some questions for you .
tom said he knew that mary might be required to do that again .
tom has to do that even though he doesn 't want to .
even if mary had wanted to do that , she wouldn 't have .
fadil made about a <unk> phone calls that night .
it takes about ten minutes to <unk> an egg .
sami went on a long walk .
tom told me he thought mary wouldn 't eat dessert .
tom is going dancing tonight .
my dog <unk> next to me and watches television .
the river is very deep .
tom and i wanted children .
can somebody help ?
i thought i 'd get some sleep .
they said they only did that once .
the children 's room is in bad order .
sami led a quiet life with layla .
tom isn 't interested in mary and she isn 't interested in him .
you knew tom wasn 't supposed to do that , didn 't you ?
i 'm sure this will happen again .
she recognized him at once as the stranger in her dream .
this bread is really delicious . where did you buy it ?
she was making tea .
that one !
although she is rich , she is not happy .
sami is really excited about it .
traveling abroad is very interesting .
i didn 't know tom and mary were awake .
there 's a <unk> chance that we 'll see tom there tomorrow .
i 'm going to australia for three months .
i was walking in the park , when i heard my name called .
can i go out today wearing this shirt that has a little bit of red ?
tom said that he was afraid to fly .
it seems like she will win a prize .
i know where tom and mary were born .
i think we 'd better talk to tom .
they tried to protect their families .
don 't <unk> with anything during an interview .
i wonder whether or not i can do that .
when would be a good time to do that ?
sami was worried layla was dead .
i thought you said that tom was a friend of yours .
his memory has been <unk> because of age .
it 's almost over .
modern greek borrowed many words from french .
<unk> from how the sky looks , we 'll be having fine weather .
tom speaks french as well as english .
you didn 't need to hurry .
he said that he 's unhappy .
a mr smith came to see you during your absence .
tom is really old , isn 't he ?
is there place for this box in the <unk> ?
she wanted me to wait for her .
did you tell them about it ?
my apartment is too big .
tom ate my dessert .
i know how to swim , but i don 't like to .
you 're sure taking your time .
love isn 't always so bitter .
tom 's mother told tom he could do anything he wanted to do .
i thought i 'd lost everything .
i 'll ask tom to wait .
i can 't go out tonight because my parents won 't let me .
please hand your papers in now .
doesn 't that look fun ?
tom should have been ready an hour ago .
tom and mary said they cried every day .
i don 't think that anybody has tried to do it that way before .
i try to always remember to say thank you .
they said they 're not planning to go .
the computer is of great use .
it 's not the end of the world .
i thought that he was innocent .
he used to be a gentleman .
beat it , kids !
the sun will rise soon .
i suspect tom is homeless .
tom isn 't likely to be hesitant to do that .
i used to own quite a lot land .
it wasn 't really very difficult .
sami went to the bank .
given a high level of <unk> issues , the cost to service them will increase .
do not <unk> in the past , do not dream of the future , the past is no more . the future has not yet come . life is here and now .
he promised me he wouldn 't be late .
mary isn 't that pretty .
i thought you said that you didn 't see tom this morning .
we 'd better get away .
tom seems to be very miserable .
i knew tom wasn 't as rich as mary .
tom says he didn 't know mary wouldn 't go to australia unless he went with her .
we 'll speak to him later .
i 'll wait for you in the hotel tomorrow .
i didn 't enjoy the party at all .
tom is always on time .
tom and mary said they haven 't decided what they 'll do yet .
is that the <unk> we 've been looking for all this time ?
tell her that i am taking a bath .
i 'm supposed to be helping you right now .
i wonder whether or not tom knows mary needs to do that .
this photo of tom was taken in boston .
i knew that tom was afraid that he 'd get fired .
i think it might be dangerous for tom to go skin <unk> by himself .
i know little of the recent situation .
the sky will be blue .
do you have a phone ?
tom can 't drive a car , so goes everywhere by bicycle .
i don 't know what got into her .
tom was sitting at his computer .
we can 't use that .
she shared the room with two other sisters .
this film is an <unk> of a novel .
how long does it take to get to <unk> on foot ?
i won 't buy this shirt .
what happened to life , liberty and the <unk> of happiness ?
i don 't have any cash on me .
i wanted to hurt him .
you 're a sharp one .
sami was so <unk> out when he heard that sound .
how do you feel about them ?
sami agreed with most things .
i got out of bed .
this book is interesting to read .
tom told me about everything you 've been through .
there isn 't any need for tom to do that .
i know tom knows that mary knows that he doesn 't have to do that .
he got his present position by <unk> of his long experience .
i shouldn 't have accused him of stealing the money .
i know tom and mary were busy .
i know a girl who is always smiling .
tom said he thought mary had been careless .
tom sat next to mary and read a book while she sat there <unk> .
mary isn 't as weird as she used to be .
tom said mary wasn 't at home .
one point .
she wrote this report by herself .
the president was nice enough to <unk> to my letter .
they said that they didn 't want to worry me .
i have to go to school .
we had to make the best of a bad deal .
everyone can see that .
it isn 't quite finished .
don 't you remember that tomorrow is when we 're supposed to do that ?
she has canceled her party .
he told me he 's cold .
tom said that he didn 't really expect anybody to volunteer .
mary told tom that she was ready .
i knew where tom and mary were going .
i love you the most .
mary is confident she can take care of herself .
he 's a university student .
tom made a number of mistakes on his test .
how long does this train stop there ?
sami got totally drunk .
it 's obvious that tom is a <unk> musician .
i think i can help with that .
what part of boston does tom live in ?
tom said that he thought i 'd regret doing that .
he can 't afford to retire .
the situation in the home got more tense by the minute .
it 's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow .
we didn 't really have so much to drink .
this is tom 's plate .
mary says she wouldn 't want to do that .
we need to finish this before tom gets here .
police called tom a hero .
he is from some small town in <unk> .
mary is down with a cold , isn 't she ?
tom is a couple of years older than me , i think .
they wouldn 't allow me to say anything at the meeting .
i promised tom we 'd help mary .
i 'll only buy the car if they fix the <unk> first .
i wonder if tom has died .
dan remembered his promise to linda .
did i wake you ?
you haven 't been honest with me , have you ?
tom said i sounded happy .
wait , you guys .
tom soon realized mary didn 't know what she was doing .
give me another money .
tom told me that he didn 't know why mary didn 't do what she was supposed to do .
if you keep trying , you will make progress .
some apples fell down from the tree .
i want to know what you 'd like to eat .
do you mind if i help myself ?
i sell clothing online .
i know i didn 't make the right choice .
tom still hasn 't done that yet .
we 're not really sure yet .
i 'm the one who takes out the garbage .
what he did was against humanity .
tom knew he 'd gone too far .
you didn 't expect tom to refuse to do that , did you ?
prepare yourselves for the future .
are you sure that 's what tom wants ?
i 'm pretty sure tom lives on park street .
what has been the best movie so far this year ?
he took it into his head to start the next morning .
her dress attracted everyone 's attention at the party .
tom was flying high after he heard the news .
i don 't think tom is having any fun .
tom can 't afford to buy everything that mary wants him to buy for her .
i didn 't go to school .
tom and mary filled their glasses with water .
i found that very odd .
please hand me the newspaper .
mary is a canadian <unk> , isn 't she ?
" i gave them the job . " " why them and not us ? "
i knew you could do that .
i persuaded tom to tell the truth .
he 'll answer your letter soon .
this is my best shirt .
i doubt very much that tom will be interested .
i have two tickets .
he changed his mind in <unk> of the marriage .
tom flew in from boston .
you 're going to have to do that yourselves .
sami was dancing at the club .
you 've missed the boat .
sami wished he had never called .
i 'll ask you these questions .
tom thinks this is a mistake .
tom told me that he thought that mary still lived in boston .
tom and mary spent the weekend by themselves .
you can tell me . i won 't tell anyone .
tom is expecting someone , isn 't he ?
have you considered moving to boston ?
i don 't want to do anything that would hurt you .
is his wife happy in new york ?
you 're very good at this .
this is the first time i 've ever <unk> sweat out of my clothes .
when my doctor told me to eat more vegetables , he didn 't mean french <unk> .
mary said that tom was smarter than she was .
it should be illegal .
he was hard up .
the <unk> used to be quite well off .
i can 't convince tom .
i should 've stayed and helped tom .
tom brings me to the office every morning .
i 'll text you when i get home .
did tom really drink a glass of wine ?
we all want a new car or a new phone .
layla 's horse has died .
i think we can trust him .
we should do our best .
do you have any idea what tom is doing ?
tom sleeps on his stomach .
tom admitted that it was <unk> his fault .
tom opened his present .
sami bothered layla with many questions .
i 'm not going to make any comment .
tom and i go to school on the same bus .
tom has to be the next one to do that .
it is no more than a <unk> to the station .
we 're out of options .
tom said that he really liked me .
sami talked to layla a couple of times .
tomorrow is another day .
i should tell tom what he has to buy .
tom has never been outside of australia .
who 's watching it ?
what makes you so sure it 's not a fake ?
i 'm having my house painted next month .
we 'll never know for sure now .
i thought that you said tom was a <unk> .
tom doesn 't seem to be as puzzled as mary seems to be .
we 're in no danger now .
here 's the thing .
tom showed mary the tiny piece of <unk> that he had found .
how long does it take to get from here to your house on foot ?
he 's still here in your office .
i didn 't think tom would be home last monday .
no matter what i do , tom always <unk> .
she came alone .
tom said that he 's only gone camping three times .
tom told me that he 'd never be late again .
no , i don 't . what 's he like ?
tom is going to be very suspicious if you do that .
how can something so simple become so complicated ?
there are plenty of fish in this river .
" did it help ? " " a little . "
we demand a raise !
tom and i have helped mary .
they found a <unk> beach where they spent the day .
i love this romantic music .
he 's the most likely to succeed .
the teacher led tom to the <unk> but tom had no <unk> once he located them .
when the lord puts us in certain circumstances he doesn 't mean for us to imagine them away .
he would often go fishing on a fine sunday .
i 'm on vacation .
my head is really cold .
i have a package here for tom .
how many times have you done that here ?
you can ask tom about that .
i enjoyed being in boston .
there are many places you should see in kyoto .
i 'm not surprised that tom plans to do that .
tom is the only one here that i know .
i knew that tom didn 't need to do that by himself .
tom is waiting at home , isn 't he ?
why do you think tom won 't have to win ?
tom looks a little annoyed .
sami was only there for five or six days .
i doubt that tom is still married .
there was a high <unk> to the election .
tom wasn 't interested in music .
dan announced that he and linda were getting divorced .
tom said that you could have this if you wanted it .
that is a secret .
tom paid a surprise visit to mary .
they know that we believe them .
i don 't drink more beer .
you ought to keep working while you have your health .
tom wanted me to meet him at the station .
he 's used to getting up early in the morning .
tom and mary admitted that they 'd been drinking .
sami was just shocked .
tom would like it .
you are lazy !
the girl we saw waiting in front of tom 's house was mary .
do you really think tom and mary don 't have to do that ?
i don 't want to go to harvard .
he claims that he saw the accident .
i was the only one left .
sami was doing a cleaning job .
she 's got <unk> for every day of the week .
mary said she wasn 't the least bit hungry .
you seemed happy here .
tom and mary are hoping to have that done by tomorrow .
i am thinking of nothing but you .
who 's tom 's mother ?
just let go .
tom must 've slept a long time .
what have i been doing all my life ?
mary told me that she thought tom was outside .
i didn 't think tom would understand .
there is nothing that war has ever <unk> we could not better achieve without it .
between you and me , i 'm going to quit my present job soon .
tom is probably not even in australia anymore .
tom is an honest boy , so he wouldn 't tell a lie .
tom is in australia this week .
i 'm glad to see such a beautiful animal .
tom wasn 't a music major .
mary doesn 't know i like her .
i think tom is poor .
we are crying .
what movie was it that you told me i should watch ?
there are people who think humans didn 't go to the moon .
why do you say one thing , and then go and do another ?
tom knows that this is the truth .
i don 't think that tom will be awake at this time of night .
mary does her job well .
tom and mary look like they 're miserable .
sami was probably just drunk .
everybody knows us .
tom said that he didn 't need a lawyer .
tom is extremely polite .
i wish that i didn 't have to do that anymore .
the alarm was heard <unk> at an early hour on the second floor .
did we get better ?
we 're pretty happy .
you take one more step and you 're dead .
you should have called .
the baby is still fine .
i think that tom has some friends in australia .
they laid off many workers at that point .
there are six fish inside the <unk> can .
we 're actually quite similar .
it feels really good .
tom said that he thought mary was an idiot .
i don 't teach french anymore .
how do you expect me to pay this ?
here 's a better idea .
tom and mary didn 't want to talk to john , but they had no choice .
i knew that tom was about to fall asleep .
the show will be a great <unk> of tonight 's program .
he stopped smoking on his doctor 's advice .
the girl coming in at the door now is always late .
i own a car .
tom said that he thought that mary might not be permitted to do that .
there 's something odd going on .
i 'd like to learn the <unk> language .
she said that she would wait .
tom doesn 't think that doing that is a good idea .
tom is not at all hungry .
my mother bought me a pretty dress this past sunday .
mary will laugh when she sees this .
in the first place , we have to decide on the name .
i 'd like another glass of water , please .
how does this washing machine work ?
tom is being made to do that .
i think you should know that i don 't really like you very much .
sami wants to be with layla .
tom says he didn 't know mary helped john do that .
we ate <unk> candy at the state fair .
tom asked mary to help him with his science project .
which film did you see ?
i don 't think that tom knows how to speak french .
you never mentioned you were tom 's friend .
tom has probably already done that .
we 've got to get out of here <unk> .
she doesn 't know that she 's adopted .
i don 't think that tom is going away .
i listened to his story .
is it true that tom can 't see out of his left eye ?
tom doesn 't seem to be as angry as mary seems to be .
what kind of <unk> do you like to do in your free time ?
i 'm pretty sure tom and mary like you .
i knew tom knew why mary was planning on doing that .
how was the interview ?
who does this remind you of ?
she was quite nervous about her first flight .
it 's going to rain this night .
tom showed up at the party dressed like a <unk> .
tom and mary said they didn 't get enough sleep last night .
he didn 't feel sorry for me .
tom can 't go to australia next week .
tom showed the old man the way to the station .
the streets were packed with cars .
they 're talking about you , mary .
bob forgot to bring the pass , which made him late for school .
he has a nice face .
swimming across the lake almost finished me .
i think we 'll need to ask tom to do that for us .
i 'm working at a supermarket now .
why are you always <unk> me ? can 't you accept once in a while that i just might be right ?
the captain of the ship decided to change course .
when the school needed a new teacher , he applied for the position .
meeting new people is not as scary as they think .
i 've lived in boston most of my life .
how are you going to get there ?
aren 't you going to be here ?
the houses they built in the middle of the <unk> were all made of wood .
he tells us what makes him laugh .
sami cut layla off for no reason .
i didn 't like the fact that tom was going out with mary .
i just spoke to her over there .
tom 's first marriage ended in divorce .
tom will provide music .
she spent all of her <unk> at home with her family .
i am reading the newspaper in the <unk> .
tom and mary said they aren 't angry .
at his young age , he has already <unk> a lot .
" oh man ! if i was as cool as tom was , i 'd have three <unk> " - " i have another opinion about that . in any case , tom has no girlfriend . "
i just wanted to make that clear .
i 'll come over this evening .
when he arrived at the bus stop , the bus was already out of sight .
tom and mary said they weren 't going to be at john 's party .
i didn 't need them .
i am going to see the doctor this afternoon .
the cat that entered into our room looked around frightened
tom and mary ate half the cake by themselves .
this picture of tom was taken in boston last year .
she said that she was embarrassed to see boys wearing nothing but swimming <unk> .
may i eat dinner with you ?
why do i have to help tom ?
i hadn 't laughed like that in a very long time .
i can speak french and also english .
tell tom how to get to mary 's house .
tom is hardly ever home on mondays .
have you got a little sister ?
tell us how to get out of here .
i received a warm welcome .
this is capital . may it grow !
tom has been drinking heavily .
tom and mary said that they 'll be leaving tomorrow .
we 're glad you 're back .
tom and mary haven 't let their kids do that very many times .
tom is still nervous about this .
mary made a cake without her mother 's knowledge .
tom says mary is to blame .
<unk> are an important part of school life .
tom said that i had to wait .
tom said that he needed to hire someone with experience .
i 've lost the car keys .
she is known as <unk> at the office .
a mr <unk> has come to see you .
tom said he was really sorry for what happened .
i 'm sorry about what i said .
i think mary will be offended by what tom is going to say .
tom said he was trying to learn how to play the <unk> .
you 're too kind , tom .
i don 't think tom and mary know how worried i am .
she has done this before , hasn 't she ?
as years pass by , i long for my <unk> more and more .
i know you wouldn 't do something like that .
everything was prepared well in advance .
what do you want next ?
tom 's dog sleeps next to tom 's bed .
you should allow tom to do that .
this costs nothing .
maybe i 'd enjoy doing that .
we learned our lesson .
her lips were soft .
what can we say ?
tom said he didn 't have to do that either .
i didn 't vote for her .
tom could get life in prison .
tom told me that he was lost .
that 's what i wanted to tell you .
aren 't you the one that asked me to be here ?
i took a berber language class .
i know that someone needs to do that .
i didn 't stay long .
tom knows that he should do that today .
tom lived a long and happy life .
tom and mary would never do what you claim they did .
we 'll pick him up on the way .
he won 't make it .
if you don 't want to do that , it 's ok .
i thought i could settle it by phone .
it 's like the old days .
were it clear , we would go on a <unk> .
my first impression was that he was a <unk> politician .
i thought tom and mary weren 't bored .
tom said that he was really eager to do that .
it 's not free .
tom thought that mary wouldn 't see him .
tom and mary thought they 'd come up with a good plan .
i like the food that <unk> makes best .
tom and mary will probably be tired when they get home .
tom and mary are planning on going to boston next week , aren 't they ?
she says that she 's lonely .
tom and mary said they weren 't able to win .
i don 't know where tom bought his computer .
i don 't know anything about this topic .
how come you never told me you were from australia ?
there is no more time to waste .
the country 's main social problem is poverty .
this old building was beautiful .
tom and mary are good at french , aren 't they ?
could i please talk to mr. jackson ?
tom is unlikely to find what he 's looking for .
tom is very brave , isn 't he ?
tom apologized for everything .
i would rather stay at home than go out today .
tom has a lot to do .
whatever you do , don 't let tom know you 're going to do it .
he will go in your place .
i have to go home and change .
i 'm waiting for your letter .
i 'm supposed to do that .
first i 'll look at the prices , and only then i 'll decide whether i 'll buy the camera or not .
the birds were hungry .
he said that he enjoyed the food .
everyone ran outside .
you should give him another chance .
and here 's the problem .
i 'll never forgive tom for what he did .
it 's ok if you 're late . just make sure that you show up .
tom is a someone i have trouble getting along with .
i 've told them where to meet us .
it 'll be impossible to remove this <unk> .
i don 't know whose glasses these are .
sami ate frozen meals .
tom and mary said that they were <unk> .
you look exactly like tom .
tom says he 's willing to take the risk .
i 'm reliable .
tom is never going to come here again , is he ?
i am often compared to my older brother .
tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years .
i want to stay with you no matter what happens .
tom has been in love with mary since the first grade .
i didn 't think you 'd like tom .
tom should at least tell mary that she doesn 't have to do that anymore .
maybe you should ask him .
tatoeba always needs more sentences !
sami needs some money to buy weed .
i don 't need tom 's help tomorrow .
i 'm here because i thought you needed my help .
they 've put their car up for sale .
i missed a lot .
that 's a huge tv .
i 'm almost certain that that won 't happen today .
do you want us to tell tom ?
i 'm not a good chess player .
don 't forget to think before speaking .
i know tom is fluent in french , english and german .
tom told me he wouldn 't do that .
we fell in love with each other , and we married a few weeks <unk> .
a brother 's brother is a brother 's brother 's brother 's brother to another brother 's brother .
mary told everybody that she was cold .
we could get there before it rains .
she claimed she wasn 't afraid .
he 's just an ordinary office worker .
support from a native speaker would be appreciated .
today we wait , tomorrow we will win .
do you usually take an afternoon nap ?
tom said that it wouldn 't be a problem .
you said you made a list .
after all , life is just like a dream .
tom should 've said " thank you . "
i know that tom wouldn 't likely have to do that .
i knew that tom was afraid of me .
i ate until i was satisfied .
you should try to figure it out for yourself .
tom didn 't read the book his teacher had told him to read .
that dream has come true .
i didn 't go to sleep till late that night .
we 're wasting valuable time here .
did tom and mary say why they were here ?
however hard i try , i can 't do it any better than she can .
tom was slow .
tom and mary still haven 't <unk> up .
does mary really think she 's the only one here who can speak french ?
the <unk> then attacked the english forces on the right side .
i know all about your plan .
i had the letter written by him .
these are beautiful .
tom came back home last month after being in australia for three years .
what is the translation of " " ?
i 've got to go to boston next week .
sami is still wearing the same shirt .
there 's no way anyone other than tom could have done this .
we want to talk with them .
can 't you go tomorrow ?
he took a big <unk> of his drink .
now let me think .
tom doesn 't seem to be as annoyed as mary seems to be .
tom and mary did something they weren 't supposed to do .
he already knew he was ok .
my sister is suffering from a bad cold now .
tom said that mary didn 't want to do that .
tom didn 't really feel like going <unk> .
he wouldn 't let anybody help him .
buy some bread , some <unk> , and a bottle of wine too .
he can understand everything you 're saying .
i 've lost track of him .
you haven 't made as many mistakes this time as you did last time .
tom asked if mary had to do that , too .
don 't speak to me in arabic . it doesn 't make sense to me .
the place became a hell on earth .
change course .
how did you get caught ?
sami saw some messages between layla and other men on her facebook page .
i was wrong again ! and i thought i had understood !
tom said he didn 't believe you did that .
i know that tom may be able to do that .
tom said that mary thought that john might not be required to do that by himself .
please let me know if it hurts .
do you know whose is this car here ?
you 're not staying here , are you ?
we have two lessons in the afternoon .
we 've never had it so good .
my father put a fence around the garden .
it wouldn 't hurt to tell tom .
everyone except mary knew that tom was in love with her .
he told me he likes to swim .
tom may not know that we 're here .
tom used to like baseball .
i think you really should do this by yourself .
thanks for staying with her .
it looks like he will win .
tom apparently hasn 't yet told mary he won 't be going to australia with her .
i was born in my mother s second marriage .
tom said he thought mary was in her bedroom studying .
you need not work so hard in order to pass the examination .
happy birthday , dear friend !
i can 't stop it .
what tom saw surprised him .
we can 't stand by and do nothing .
sami is coming over here .
mary is tom 's girlfriend .
i want to visit either boston or chicago .
tom is <unk> a hole in his backyard .
i 'll let you get on with your things .
having visited rome many times , he knows about it well .
sami started taking my clothes off .
tom and mary said they knew they might have to do that by themselves .
i didn 't expect this .
tom said that he 's glad you were able to do that when you were in australia .
i 'm so disappointed .
i had to let her win .
tom and mary played with their kids .
that 's so stupid .
i don 't think it 's going to be easy to convince tom to do that .
sami 's store stayed open .
can you tell me where the <unk> are ?
i couldn 't leave you there .
tom and mary suddenly changed their minds .
tom kissed his cousin .
i don 't think it 's him .
mary said she hopes tom likes doing that .
she said that she felt offended .
all our students study french .
in his father 's house , every prince is great .
mary says tom kissed her .
tom wants you to ask him to your party .
one can 't put that in words .
i didn 't know where harvard was .
tell me what to do here .
i didn 't do the same thing tom did .
tom said that he hasn 't done that .
all we want to do is sit down and rest .
tom is definitely going to be missed .
the town where i live is quite small .
i think it will be okay .
tom doesn 't think mary lied .
in general , we drive too fast .
everyone seemed a bit depressed .
would you happen to know where tom was born ?
tom and mary said that they thought i looked lonely .
he knows he 's going to be fired .
they have plenty of time .
you don 't need to pretend that you still like me .
you have to pay in advance at that hotel .
you should tell sami not to do that anymore .
i know tom can 't help us do that next week .
you haven 't done anything i 've asked you to do .
i want everything that 's not working fixed .
tom told mary that he thought john was out .
tom told me an interesting story .
you 're the one who said you wanted to leave .
i married them .
tom is a pretty hard guy to impress .
i thought that that 's what you 'd want to do .
do you like french literature ?
he admitted he did that .
does this mean that you love me ?
i don 't need that anymore .
tom is always playing video games .
everybody here knows that we don 't eat pork .
mary told me that she 'll be in boston next monday .
can we talk about something else please ?
she knows that she 's being lied to .
their plane will soon take off .
i showed tom how to tie a <unk> .
that 's all she has .
this camera is tom 's .
i 'll probably be here all afternoon .
i don 't intend to go to australia with you this weekend .
we didn 't stop singing even though tom asked us to .
tom said that mary is probably still <unk> .
his wife is japanese .
tom and mary both work about <unk> hours a week .
sami fell in love .
tom doesn 't seem to be as talented as mary .
tom could have told mary the truth , but he chose not to .
how long do you think the meeting will last ?
we hope that we can go there .
where are you headed for ?
sami should behave himself well with layla .
this afternoon , i 'll rest .
sami was discovered face down in a <unk> grave .
i know that tom could do that if he really wanted to .
it was only after the horse had <unk> , that we <unk> that there was a link between smoking and cancer .
last night , tom said that he might retire .
a piece of chocolate a day keeps the doctor away .
the girl that plays the piano is my sister .
sami sold the rest of his books .
sami felt very tired .
how long has tom been watching tv ?
tom said that the fire wasn 't <unk> .
tom and mary were sure they could win .
what do you think tom will do ?
i wanted to go back to your village .
tom did it wrong .
that 's a done deal .
tom thought that mary could probably beat him in a swimming race .
it 's really cool looking .
they claim they 're canadians .
tom said some terrible things about mary .
" whatever 's the matter now , anne ? " she asked .
after several months on <unk> leave , the manager had a graduated return to work .
let me buy you all a drink .
i want one like that .
sami just wants to say a few things .
i never got along with them .
they raised their right hands .
i showed my room to him .
i love music , too .
please excuse me for just a moment . i forgot to tell <unk> jane to take the <unk> out of the oven .
we 'll change trains at the next station .
i 'm going to get back from australia on monday .
on a <unk> from 1 to 10 , you 're a <unk> ... and i 'm the 1 you need .
what 's more important ?
tom showed me his photo album .
sami 's home was <unk> to layla 's company .
one out of three people in this city owns a car .
i 'll go provided you go with me .
we need to be a little more <unk> .
we don 't have to do this .
you seem to be keeping yourself busy .
we can go together if you wish .
tom did his <unk> at the kitchen table .
there is an answer key in the back of the book .
tom can 't stand the sight of blood .
sami drove for long hours between cairo and <unk> .
i hardly understood anything at all .
it looks like tom and mary want to do that .
let him do all the talking .
thanks to each and every one of you for your friendship and support .
tom won 't likely be at home .
i 'm sure tom would appreciate it if you did that .
i told him what to see in kyoto .
she is always finding fault with him .
they say that they have no regrets .
the soldiers left for the front .
i feel i 'm wasting my time here .
sami and layla were so nervous .
tom promised he 'd never hit me again .
a few days ' rest will do you good .
they said they 're glad you 're back .
in their language you can write the way you want and don 't need to use any <unk> either .
i heard a very interesting rumor .
tom and mary are jealous , aren 't they ?
i 'm very smart .
i shouldn 't have agreed to help tom do that .
are you sure this is absolutely necessary ?
you should 've seen the look on tom 's face .
i have a small favor to ask .
tom and mary aren 't sure why john did what he did .
i 'll tell you what should be done .
it has been more than 3 years since i got married .
mary could 've stopped doing that if she 'd wanted to .
why is he doing this to him ?
i wish tomorrow would never come .
sami heard a couple of students talking .
can you believe it ? we 're in japan !
you didn 't touch him , did you ?
i 'm here to cut down the big <unk> .
if you showed me how to do it , i could do it by myself next time .
i 've come to pick up tom .
there is always a crowd of customers in his shop .
mary says she 'll be a bit late .
tom died to save your life .
are you ever wrong ?
i love fish .
of course , i 'll do that .
tom said that he 's glad that you were able to do that yesterday .
mary said she wants to be an <unk> .
tom is lost in the game .
have you ever tried this coat on ?
what you are asking me is quite impossible .
everyone on our street knows that tom .
makes you think , doesn 't it ?
i got thirty dollars a day .
tom has no brothers or sisters .
i 'm going to your house .
i was shocked to hear what happened .
i didn 't know that you were so good at playing the <unk> .
sami could hear layla 's <unk> going down the stairs .
i don 't think that we should tell anybody about this yet .
both tom and mary are sitting over there .
he is a pleasant person .
i don 't know how long tom lived in boston , but it was at least three years .
it is hard to <unk> truth from a lie .
tom says he can stay here two or three <unk> .
i 'm a little scared .
tom says it 's an emergency .
tom actually does want you to do that .
they were laughing at me .
i suggest that you begin doing that right now .
i think i can handle this one alone .
he probably likes you .
they were urgent in their demand .
are you <unk> that i not attend the meeting ?
he is always with me .
how good a tennis player are you ?
he failed to come up to our expectations .
tom 's heart stood still .
tom almost spilled his coffee .
tom denied having been involved in the incident .
would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2 : 30 in the afternoon ?
that 's not a word .
sami 's dog didn 't have any <unk> .
i would 've succeeded if i 'd tried harder .
wait for us outside .
we 've come to help .
kyoto is the most beautiful in the autumn .
i hate sand .
they have done it .
i need a rest after all that <unk> !
tom looked a lot like you .
don 't be so naive .
i don 't like to talk about him .
just stay here all day .
the father left all his money to his daughters .
tom said mary has never been to a <unk> restaurant .
sami didn 't reply to layla 's text .
how long did you have to wait for a bus ?
could i help you do the dishes ?
scientists claim that people who laugh more have a longer life than those that have been hit by a truck .
how often do you and your family go camping ?
tom didn 't keep his appointment .
boy , was i mistaken .
i told tom he could buy whatever he wanted .
tom should be careful .
tom is wearing a white t-shirt .
he wrote a book on china .
it wasn 't a big surprise .
i still have a lot to do before i can go home .
i know that tom won 't help us do that tomorrow .
you may go home .
we can 't afford to spend any more time waiting for tom .
he has only done half his homework .
tom is a good <unk> , isn 't he ?
tom isn 't likely to be home on monday .
i 'd have gone if i could 've .
why wouldn 't they want to do that ?
ask tom if he wants to do that with us .
have you read any good books recently ?
i had some free time yesterday , so i spent some time in the park with my children .
don 't lend money to someone who can 't have a morning <unk> .
you need to do that again .
tom and mary are here on vacation .
sami was on the basketball team .
my father is outside .
mary 's a <unk> <unk> , who 's lost weight many times , only to put it back on again .
they must pay for what they 've done .
nobody knew that tom was going to do that .
we will let you know the time and date of the meeting soon .
would you like to eat some <unk> potatoes ?
i can 't reply to you immediately .
i didn 't get any christmas presents this year .
you don 't have to tell me that , fool .
i think that tom is organized .
i didn 't know that you were the first one to do that .
tom didn 't even try to help me .
just seven more days then i 'll see my <unk> again .
i can 't breathe .
you <unk> 't have seen him to the door .
tom knew mary would be at home , cooking .
tom plays piano .
tom and mary met while they were both visiting australia .
how do you want me to fix this phone without knowing what 's wrong with it ?
tom and mary want me to give them a loan .
she advised him where to stay .
no one i know knows how to do that .
when did tom say that ?
he looks like he 's delighted .
can i sit next to them ?
he is not here .
sami was staring at the door .
this is what you need to do first .
your dog was born this year .
mary could 've done that on her own .
tom gives tennis lessons .
layla decided that she needed to express her feelings to sami .
mary has told tom she has to leave .
tom and mary said that they like swimming .
we went for a walk in the forest .
i 'm already over thirty .
what do you think about young people today ?
he had no other clothing than that which he was wearing then .
i 'd never ask you to do this if it weren 't important .
how long do you plan to be in australia ?
i suspect that tom and mary are busy .
tom may not go to boston until next spring .
sami hung out with people at least twice his age .
that was the first time i drove a car .
do you really want to be here when tom and mary get here ?
tom is easy to impress .
it 's an advantage to be good looking .
he will excuse me .
that child has a very large head .
how about getting some coffee ?
the people are angry .
public opinion was <unk> in favor of the project .
i 'm going to be doing that tomorrow .
i 'm going to do that , but probably not today .
what place do you want to go to ?
some people don 't know that .
i don 't think tom is going to admit that he 's wrong .
i consider that a good thing .
how did you kill him ?
i 'm not going to complain anymore .
i could hear my name called .
so , was there a time when you were a <unk> , too ?
i wish everybody liked me .
we didn 't deserve to win .
tom said he knew we wouldn 't be able to win .
tom said he doesn 't think that mary has to do that today .
the <unk> were red , pink , blue , and so forth .
mary says she does that a lot .
sami assumed layla knew who he was .
even if your goals seem out of reach , stay motivated !
we are six people .
tom and mary say that they 're ok .
tom has a huge crush on mary .
i wonder whether tom wants to go .
i wonder what tom and mary are eating .
you still win quite often , don 't you ?
tom and mary don 't plan on doing that until john tells them to .
mary didn 't take the medicine that the doctor had given her .
i have been writing since two o 'clock without a break .
when bad boys become good and kind , they have the power of making their <unk> gay and new with happiness .
the teacher yelled and yelled and yelled .
i thought i told you to go faster .
it isn 't against the law .
i think i can live off the free food they give in the <unk> .
i heard that he left town and moved east .
i came here to talk to you .
you 've been following me . why ?
mary 's very proud of what she 's been able to <unk> .
sami was a perfect stranger .
what was your relationship with your father like when you were a kid ?
i wasn 't surprised when tom told me he wanted me to do that .
i didn 't know mary was supposed to do that by herself .
tom lived alone on a small island .
tom talked away the entire night .
he yelled with pain .
did the error <unk> right from the start or later on ? - when ?
if you feel it isn 't <unk> you anymore , just change it . it 's no good to be stuck in the same <unk> for too long .
aren 't you going to work today ?
who told you that you should do that ?
i 'll take that as a yes .
i advised tom to study french .
i just hope tom doesn 't know that .
they said that they had the day off .
we still have a problem .
it is a <unk> never to tell a lie .
that species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out .
are you afraid of dogs ?
you heard what your mother said .
i thought that tom would be able to help mary .
it was interesting seeing how the speakers <unk> various kinds of <unk> while they were speaking .
excuse me , i didn 't understand you .
who did you give that to ?
how did you get to be so cute ?
i don 't understand why you want it .
tom doesn 't seem very sure .
they thought they 'd be able to win .
i 'll take tom home now .
you aren 't going to cry , are you ?
sami lived in an apartment .
he was curious about how it would taste , so he took a small bite .
i wanted to buy a new bicycle for tom , but i didn 't have enough money .
i didn 't know i should do that outside .
tom says that he has to go to australia next week .
when tom met mary he knew he 'd met the love of his life .
i think i 'm going to like this .
i think that tom should lose some weight .
when has she ever done anything for me ?
i think i know how to find her .
it was a rainy day .
tom went to boston three times last year .
somebody is calling you from the gate .
tom and mary took their watches off .
they said they were through doing that .
sami heard layla screaming from his house .
i feel we did a great job .
i thought i could be of some help .
it would be better if you would eat more .
we 're having dinner now . can i call you later ?
i thought you were going to do that yesterday .
i have big shoes to fill .
i wrote this report .
he isn 't often wrong , is he ?
if nature were a bank they would have saved it already .
that 's a tough one .
you were with me at that time .
talking is a <unk> , listening is an art .
that umbrella is tom 's .
i want to see you upstairs .
have a seat , please .
tom and mary said they wished they hadn 't forgotten to buy birthday presents for john .
hey , you 're not going to make it .
have you found the umbrella which you said you had lost the other day ?
mary smiled at you , didn 't she ?
when the fighting was over there was no one left of our enemies .
i think you think too much .
where did you saw them ?
tom never got to meet mary .
we 're here to meet tom .
did you know both tom and mary were going to be there .
where were they born ?
tom took the easy way out .
from now on , i 'll try to help you with the work .
tom said that the cold bothered mary .
tom said he hoped that mary would do that right away .
mary knows that she has to do it .
i never met tom .
tom needs to buy time .
mary tried to hide her tears .
sami learned to express himself .
compared to our house , his is a <unk> .
no one has told mary what she has to do .
you should probably help tom do that .
i know tom isn 't planning on going to boston with you .
tom is a selfish person .
tom said that he wanted to marry mary .
i hope tom isn 't home on monday .
we should leave something for our children .
i thought you thought that tom was still a <unk> .
it was clear tom was supposed to help me do that .
i want you to know you can trust me .
this offer ends soon .
tom has a gold credit card .
they know they cheated .
i 'd like to send this by <unk> mail .
you said you were going to quit .
there is a real <unk> in our living room .
tom and mary can 't do that alone . you have to help them .
i take my job seriously .
i 'm usually working this time of day .
i used to live in the <unk> of boston .
i have no idea what i need to do now .
i think that tom would have to do that .
i 'm a big child .
tom hoped the train would be on time .
sami did that last time .
the top few meters of the ocean store as much heat as earth 's entire atmosphere .
can we smoke here ?
tom was the one that cried .
get under my umbrella .
this may take more time than we expected .
it is justice , and not might , that <unk> in the end .
that 's the way it goes .
dan had no memory of what he had done .
do you really think it 's silly to do that ?
tom said that mary thought john might need to do that by himself .
tom would like to ask you a few questions .
you do that well .
worse than a simple fool is a fool <unk> himself intelligent .
but do you love us ?
tom wanted to buy a new pair of tennis shoes .
tom isn 't happy about it , is he ?
i won 't ask you to do this again .
tom and mary hate each other .
don 't think i won 't hurt you .
i assume that 's a joke .
tom knows why mary decided not to go on the picnic with john .
the dead sea is the <unk> place on earth .
did you know tom and mary were still planning to do that ?
i don 't know for certain when tom will come .
tom and mary aren 't as tough as they used to be .
the only sport tom is any good at is tennis .
it may never happen again .
i wonder if tom knows any french .
the big shirt is brown .
mary played her violin .
i think i 'd like that .
don 't mention tom .
mary said she won 't forget that night .
i 'll have to finish this work by next monday .
i <unk> advise you not to do that .
i hate that song .
why are you crying , tom ?
she 's doing what she can , isn 't she ?
tom and mary can 't speak french as well as i thought they could .
tom wanted to buy mary something nice for her birthday .
i don 't like living in australia and tom doesn 't either .
we are having trouble with our new neighbor .
it wasn 't necessary for me to do that .
i understand more than you think .
mary will watch tom .
i thought that that was great .
nobody else believes tom is still alive .
tom said mary was embarrassed .
tom and mary know john better than they know anyone else .
doing that was stupid .
mary seems to be bored with the game .
those who know won 't say , and those who will don 't know .
mary didn 't know what kind of snake had <unk> her .
everyone left us alone .
are you doing anything special ?
i don 't think that tom is glad that 's going to happen .
they say that they 've been asked to help .
tom looks like someone who 's used to being alone .
tom said that mary is annoyed .
tom saw mary talking to john .
tom knows mary is away .
where did tom have to go ?
tom should go to bed early tonight since he has a test tomorrow .
no one came except tom .
hang on . the <unk> will get here in just a little bit .
i wanted to be a farmer .
why didn 't you get married in germany ?
tom said he was in no <unk> to do that .
mary has finally paid her rent .
i 'm done fighting .
our walk was <unk> by the wind and the rain .
i wonder whether tom thought we needed to do that .
i didn 't drink that milk .
tom wanted mary to look for john .
i 've got to call her .
i didn 't know that i needed to do that with tom .
tom told us he didn 't want to eat anything <unk> .
you didn 't keep your word .
i saw some english female soldiers in yesterday night 's news <unk> . for some , you couldn 't tell whether it was a man or a woman , but the majority were rather <unk> , and it didn 't feel that <unk> .
i don 't want to be an <unk> .
tom and i lived in australia a long time .
i have no time to do that .
sami lived downtown at the time .
i don 't have any free time .
the sky is clear . not a <unk> in sight .
obviously , tom has talent .
are they speaking english ?
actually , we have sort of a problem .
what did you ask her ?
she has something on her face .
i don 't think you 're the right person for the job .
i 'm going to fix it as soon as i can .
she had to stand in the train .
i love doing this .
what is he looking for ?
tom is terrible at speaking french .
my parents weren 't the ones who taught me that .
tom and mary said they hoped john would be able to help us today .
why didn 't you allow tom to do that ?
i 'm not leaving the door open .
i want to learn spanish .
don 't pressure him .
my husband often <unk> to understand what i mean .
can tom come back ?
i forgot to send the letter .
tom said he thought there was a good chance that mary would want to walk home by herself .
sami advised layla against making this video .
your son has been gone for a long time .
were you the one who cleaned the kitchen ?
what is the exact meaning of this word ?
i 've finally got some vacation coming as of the end of this week .
tom used to be a lawyer .
i think we should call the police .
i can 't tell you how much i learned from tom .
i cannot believe you did not see him then .
tom is great with children .
he drank straight from the bottle .
tom should have gone a long time ago .
sami was in layla 's car .
tom and mary knew they barely had enough time to do what they needed to do .
i was thinking of leaving .
tom wrote a love letter to mary , but never gave it to her .
this car is really powerful .
i 've been thinking about that all day .
do you really think tom and mary are better than i am ?
sami fell to his knees and was <unk> for his life .
tom said that he thought that mary would likely not win .
i wonder if tom knew mary really needed to do that .
i think tom would probably be happy to buy that for you .
i heard someone say tom and mary were sick .
excuse me , but i believe that 's my seat .
i don 't think that that 's the whole story .
mary loves shopping for clothes .
dan spent his last night getting drunk at a local <unk> .
where did he do that yesterday ?
he goes fishing every other day .
tom certainly seems to enjoy reading mark <unk> .
i suspected that tom wouldn 't be able to do that by himself .
it 's great to be part of a community effort .
i guess both of us wish we were somewhere else .
" hey , mary ! remember when i was so fat that i would drop food into my fat <unk> and it would begin to <unk> a few days later ? " said tom into the phone from the hospital <unk> .
sami doesn 't know that layla was pregnant .
tom and mary are too young to be doing that on their own .
tom looked up from the book he was reading .
was she always that fat ?
he seems very sleepy .
don 't beat around the bush ; tell me who is to blame .
i thought that we were just going to talk to tom .
how did you know tom didn 't need to do that ?
all right . i 'm leaving .
tom and mary said they didn 't think they could help you move the piano today .
i suspect that tom and mary know that something interesting is about to happen .
i think tom could be happy here .
tom is walking his dog .
i know that tom likes a challenge .
should you be out of bed ?
i don 't think that 's what tom meant .
the force of the current carried the bridge away .
mary thought she wouldn 't be able to do that if she didn 't have some help .
if he had been honest , i would have <unk> him .
this is where it all happens .
i think that 's about to change .
they said they weren 't able to win .
he said he had to go to a meeting .
did you find her or not ?
tom is sitting pretty .
i don 't want to go back to school . i wish summer vacation would never end .
we were just joking .
young people nowadays have very short attention <unk> .
he said he considered doing that .
has tom already eaten lunch ?
why aren 't we doing that ?
love is the answer . but while you 're waiting for the answer , sex <unk> some pretty interesting questions .
i do that all the time .
i 'm three thousand dollars in debt .
you 're the master .
mary thought she was going to be able to meet tom .
stop joking .
sami shouldn 't stand there .
it was very kind of you to lend him some money .
i 'm a lot like tom .
what 's your impression of that person like ?
he 's waiting for you at home .
he plays in the school band .
we won 't come to boston next week .
sami came home with me .
yesterday i should have done that , but since i didn 't have time i gave up the idea .
sami and layla grew up really different .
few people die away at the approach of winter .
do you like tom 's new halloween <unk> ?
tom says he won 't mind .
of course you can .
i didn 't think that tom was glad that 's going to happen .
mary has two brothers . the older one is dumb and the younger one is smart .
what did you tell her about us ?
i 'm telling the truth now .
tom wants to borrow money from me again .
you like pizza , don 't you ?
this is a nice surprise .
i don 't think that i 'll ever see tom again .
the room was completely silent and everyone stared at me .
the young girl was <unk> by the old man .
what was taken ?
are you a ghost ?
that made you very sad , didn 't it ?
i was born in boston , but was brought up in chicago .
he was at a party .
why are you preparing the table ?
mary said that she felt scared .
i admit i 've <unk> tom since the first time i met him .
i think that they could 've at least served us some coffee .
i don 't think that tom knows what i told mary .
i knew this already .
don 't you want some of this ?
we want to have fun , too .
tom asked if mary had to do that .
i think tom can help you .
we don 't have many options .
you have what i need .
mary wouldn 't like it if tom tried to kiss her .
why haven 't tom and mary already done that ?
i think that tom is too young to be dating .
can 't this boat go any faster ?
i want tom to come over and apologize to mary .
tom really likes australia a lot .
tom and mary aren 't as busy as you are .
tom still has many friends in boston .
i 'm glad you showed up .
you may as well have tom do that .
i left him behind .
can you tell us what you did ?
this book is mine , but the one on the table is yours .
do you know those children ?
she cannot tell the time yet .
have you learned nothing from your mistakes ?
ask him to help you .
have you received an answer to your letter ?
tom is staying here .
don 't let her near my kids .
the doctor said it 'll be necessary to <unk> .
i really have to go now .
i don 't think i need to tell you .
tom said that would happen soon .
i know when i 've lost .
tom wanted to be the last one to do that .
i have a friend whose name is tom .
i know tom is afraid that the police might arrest him .
why did she change the plan ?
i 'm dying for a beer !
i 'll teach you a lesson that you won 't forget .
i was in jail .
sami never experienced that as a child .
there is no <unk> on the road of life .
you aren 't studying french , are you ?
tom is unable to buy a car .
mary said she wouldn 't be willing to do that for us .
layla is planning to start wearing the hijab .
all of sami 's secrets were found out .
tom still depends on his parents for living <unk> .
i see you are once again afraid to do battle with your <unk> .
tell us how it turns out .
if mary wants to leave , she can .
i really like the way that tom plays the piano .
tom didn 't know that someone was trying to kill him .
tom would be cute if he did that .
i wonder when that happened .
mary said she thought tom would be discouraged .
it takes patience .
a space is missing here between these two words .
i 'm not that much younger than you .
did tom and mary say they were worried ?
tom said that he doesn 't think that mary really had to do that this morning .
tom doesn 't know what he should do yet .
tom is going to drop us off at the mall .
tom spends a lot of time playing golf .
i do not know if i will be on <unk> for a while .
i knew tom would be thirsty .
they considered their options .
i thought that you said you 'd rather do that alone .
tom has seen better days .
it 's the last train .
hello . is anyone here ?
who was the man who did that yesterday ?
tom told me to go to bed early .
sami and layla were out .
she grabbed my ass !
tom didn 't look tired to me .
he thinks that he 's a good person .
sami is tired of that .
tom is in a committed relationship .
tom made a space ship out of <unk> boxes .
i haven 't yet written anything in this notebook .
i 'm not used to doing this kind of thing .
unfortunately , that rumor is true .
we need to study the cause and effect of the accident <unk> .
sami was still holding layla 's hand .
i 've heard boston is a beautiful city .
mary seemed very tired , didn 't she ?
tom and mary hoped that they wouldn 't be <unk> .
tom got here just a few minutes ago .
that 's why people love you .
sami removed the trash bags .
tom drove his children to the pool .
did tom know this ?
i think i shouldn 't have asked tom to do that .
i know that tom knows that he shouldn 't be doing that .
i know tom is here somewhere .
they insisted that they didn 't do that .
tom and mary said they didn 't think john would let you do that .
i was really afraid that might happen .
i hope it 's enough .
you might not like this beer at first . it 's an <unk> taste .
tom told everyone mary used to live in australia .
i broke down the door because i lost the key .
tom is confident , but mary isn 't .
i couldn 't help but cry .
my <unk> had four children in five years .
the political <unk> took up the whole first page of the newspaper .
i don 't know who built that house .
sami and layla are supposed to work together .
i used to wear <unk> , but i don 't anymore .
i know tom knew that he shouldn 't be doing that here .
tom was surprised by how well mary could do that .
he teaches english to his friends .
do tom and mary really understand what 's going to happen ?
tom wore a red and white <unk> tie .
i must go back to boston .
nothing 's ever going to change .
i thought you said that you weren 't going to be here .
can you tell me how you found out that tom and mary weren 't at school today ?
is there anything you want me to help you with ?
i didn 't notice whether tom was there or not .
i have absolutely no regrets .
i think mary won 't be as angry as you think she 'll be .
please put your shoes in the <unk> when you take them off .
our grandfather learned five languages as a child .
how could it have been done ?
come on , mary . you don 't believe that tom did that on purpose , do you ?
tom will soon be a father .
he had been through a lot of difficulties in his youth .
tom threw up a lot .
tom was obviously worried about what might happen .
tom and i both live and work in australia .
i can hardly wait to get started .
my dog is not so big .
i thought tom and mary might not be permitted to do that by themselves .
we make it a practice to take a walk every morning .
please be careful not to break anything .
i thought that tom might be hungry .
tom isn 't as careful as i am .
i had never thought about that .
you have to change the word order .
it seems the <unk> player will be punished for being late for the game .
i made progress in berber .
i 'm coming to see you tomorrow .
i know you have feelings for tom .
he 's upstairs , crying in his room .
i thought you didn 't like it .
that 's more or less all i can say at the moment .
i don 't think that tom wants to go to boston with mary .
last friday i played soccer with friends .
if he wants money , he 'd take it from me .
how many days a year do you swim ?
i don 't think that i 'd enjoy living in australia .
tom said that he thought that mary might have to do that .
mary found us .
we 'll probably be able to do that .
tom said that mary is now living in australia .
tom 's car is stuck in the <unk> .
you can 't beat me , tom . i 've been playing tennis since i was a kid .
they 're both awful .
i know that tom won 't be allowed to do that .
i finally persuaded him to buy it .
he has no claim to the property .
tom didn 't want to discuss mary 's problems .
that has nothing to do with what you just said .
tom got out of the bath .
i am a nice , good-looking girl looking for the man of my life .
this medicine does not agree with me .
do you know what tom ate for lunch ?
i can see why tom is upset .
what kind of person is tom ?
sami put layla at ease .
i thought you said that it was yours .
stay with him for a moment .
sami didn 't expect to see layla there .
tom told mary that he didn 't like her sense of humor .
tom said mary wouldn 't likely eat lunch with us .
why did you give it up ?
you know what tom is capable of , right ?
mary is with her friends , isn 't she ?
his story was made up .
i think it 's an important event .
how much did you spend per day when you were in boston ?
i want to visit tom in australia .
he swore he 'd never cry .
tom and mary told john they wouldn 't do what he asked them to do .
tom is eager to buy a new car .
tom and i both work at night .
sami knocked on the bathroom door and layla told him to come in .
tom and mary aren 't as <unk> as they used to be .
i think i 'm a good boss .
i felt that he could teach me to read .
what do you actually do in the office ?
tom said mary knew that john might be allowed to do that .
he 's a bad influence on you .
this book contains many pictures .
the world 's population recently passed 7 <unk> .
mary actually got tom to dance with her .
they didn 't pay me very much to do that .
i forgot to tell tom you were a <unk> .
i think we 'll have to help them .
i 'm tired to make a brave guy .
i 'm pretty tired right now .
tom sure is lucky .
i didn 't know tom was mary 's <unk> .
tom moved close to mary .
would you please stop ?
mary has told me she 's planning on doing that .
at last i found the picture i was looking for .
don 't you want to see tom again ?
tom grew up in the same neighborhood i did .
did you know them personally ?
the doctor 's on his way .
far away across the sea lies the <unk> land of italy .
sami and layla came out of that room together .
i liked tom 's idea .
she sang a song , the <unk> of which i did not know .
it 's fine just the way it is .
i 'm going to visit him soon .
we must remain here .
the love letter ought to have reached her .
there 's very little we can do now .
tom and mary say that they also have to do that .
this chair is yours .
i 'm very frightened .
tom and mary said they didn 't know why john was planning to do that .
even while suffering , i look at my life through <unk> glasses .
tell tom that i miss him .
how 's studying esperanto going ?
tom became a different person .
tom isn 't going to get home until monday .
warn tom not to do that .
i know something tom doesn 't know .
i just had to see you guys before i left .
as far as i know , he is a reliable friend .
this is your life , make it <unk> .
i watch a lot of interesting videos in berber .
i do not want to know this .
it 's a bit too complicated for me .
tom tried to break up the fight .
you 've got work to do .
tom got afraid .
i 'm just here to help them out .
sami was acting normal .
it can get warm in boston .
tom would have made the same decision i 'm making if he were in my shoes .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was in australia .
i know that tom is sick .
i have seen little of him lately .
tom won the race by cheating .
that really won 't be necessary .
tom <unk> a football with his left foot , but writes with his right hand .
please remind me to pay the rent tomorrow .
it was impossible for me not to think of incident .
i wish that i didn 't have to do that .
don 't let me influence you .
if i were in your shoes , i would do it at once .
it was quite dark when i got there .
tom has been staying at a homeless <unk> .
are you making tom a sandwich ?
we should go to the party .
i wasn 't going to do that .
what 's the weather like in australia ?
birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year .
from a <unk> point of view , a plane flight is much <unk> than a car trip .
can you listen for once ?
tom doesn 't look like a weight <unk> .
where did you learn to cook like this ?
i thought you might be able to tell me how to do this .
how long have tom and mary been working as <unk> ?
layla covered her hair up .
you 're thirty minutes early , aren 't you ?
<unk> is coming out of my right ear .
perhaps we should have tried helping tom .
tom asked if anybody knew anything about mary .
tom won 't likely be able to translate to document correctly .
please take care of this .
a lot of people came to the lecture .
his sons do as they please .
i didn 't know about her .
tom left boston three years ago .
that was tom 's mother .
fadil didn 't want layla to have a baby .
he wasn 't just <unk> me . those were the eyes of someone who really understood my feelings and <unk> .
tom and mary won 't admit it , but they 're in big trouble .
and after having killed you , we will kill your father also .
tom is certainly getting along in years .
i could have cancer .
i forgot to bring something to write with .
you are free to leave when you don 't like this anymore .
tom grew up on a farm .
tom doesn 't know what mary should do .
i <unk> need to touch up my makeup .
layla had another cancer <unk> a few weeks later .
what are tom and mary so unhappy about ?
tom knows me well enough to know that i won 't do that .
mary said she thought she knew how to do that .
without your help , i couldn 't have done that .
are you the group leader ?
sami won 't be able to talk about that .
he said that i have no right to live here , or something to that effect .
i did everything to become your friend .
i don 't enjoy his society .
it remains to be seen if i can get there in time .
i don 't think tom knows what time mary is planning to leave .
it would be a good idea to do that .
he decided to give it a try .
layla decided to buy sami a watch .
the party is always right .
didn 't you know that tom wouldn 't win ?
tom didn 't do what we told him to do .
it would be romantic .
she accepted against her will .
he can read english easily .
there 's no use trying to persuade him .
sami remembers this day .
i want us to be friends again .
she has such beautiful eyes .
i know tom didn 't know exactly how much it would cost him to do that .
what impressed you the most ?
tom and mary are hoping for good weather .
it is just noon .
i suggested to him .
he died before he could realize his dream .
i am !
it is dangerous to drive so fast .
he likes <unk> and knows the mountains of japan quite well .
you looked like you were alone .
i cannot do it .
you can sit wherever you want to .
i must return home within a week .
i 'm too tired to do that .
have you had dinner yet ?
how long have you lived in japan ?
you 've already drunk too much .
why are you mad at tom ?
she is always complaining of her poor health .
what are you going to name your baby ?
tom didn 't need to do that on his own .
sami was determined to <unk> his sister 's honor .
you should avoid alcohol completely when trying to become pregnant , and in the first four months of <unk> . the less time the <unk> has <unk> , the greater the risk of <unk> .
i know tom would like to know that you aren 't planning to do that .
tom has read every book in his school 's library .
she still has her coat on .
i know that tom is motivated .
are you back to stay ?
tom was hired as road manager .
do you know what tom and mary were talking about ?
tom is a tough little guy .
i think you should sit .
tom doesn 't want to be a computer <unk> .
the young girl carrying a <unk> seemed annoyed .
tom promised to stay at home .
mary said she wished she hadn 't yelled at tom .
how good are those jobs ?
are you still afraid ?
we 've had more snow this winter than usual .
mary says she doesn 't know tom .
i think that nobody doubts that <unk> <unk> is one of the greatest pipe players in the world .
all of my friends like computer games .
this farmer owns horses instead of a <unk> .
have you seen my car keys ?
we 're not going to catch her .
i 've used it myself .
i don 't need to know how tom and mary do that .
they said you wouldn 't let them in .
sami used to live next door to us .
although she studied hard , she did not succeed in the examination .
it 's really bothering me .
we should never do that again .
we still have each other .
exactly how does this work ?
tom said that he wasn 't old enough to drive .
you 're not my father .
she didn 't think she would make it .
tom goes for a walk every morning .
tom wants to spend the rest of his life with mary .
tom looks happy to see mary .
i know that tom has never been very good at that .
" i 'm the <unk> man in the world , " tom said to himself .
the phone rang while i was taking a bath , as usual .
i know this city pretty well .
perhaps we can be forgiven .
i left home without having breakfast yesterday .
you know that tom doesn 't need do that , don 't you ?
tom started getting angry when mary started doing that .
tom doesn 't think mary would forget to do that .
tom said his house was damaged .
i wish i were a bird .
i can 't decide who to invite to my party .
maybe tom should tell mary .
no one will have the heart to say it .
i don 't live in the past .
i had my secretary look up that information for you .
you should wish for something else .
tom and mary confessed to me that they 'd done that .
we 're here to protect you .
i didn 't think tom would be so jealous .
i don 't think that tom has a girlfriend .
tom said that mary told him she was looking forward to doing that .
he made a speech in which he <unk> my opinions .
it has <unk> improved compared with what it was .
the bird likes rice .
<unk> the causes of cancer is very expensive .
sami is asleep .
we 've been way too <unk> with tom .
how many years of education does someone need ?
there were a lot of <unk> last year .
sami wanted to <unk> all of those people out .
tom is worse off now than before .
the whole city burned .
i didn 't think you 'd show up .
if you have a question for mary , ask her yourself .
sami didn 't enjoy it .
tom told everybody that he was nervous .
thanks , but i can 't accept your gift .
i could smell the alcohol on tom 's breath .
do you really think i 'm stupid enough to believe that ?
tom had to share a bedroom with his younger brother .
mary is your aunt , isn 't she ?
tom jumped from the boat .
i 'm going to let you do whatever you want .
tom usually plays a good game of tennis , but he 's not in good form today .
the car the actor drove was a white car .
i made her play the piano against her will .
tom didn 't think mary would be in australia this week .
bring me a cup of coffee , will you ?
she 's old enough to take care of herself .
couldn 't your translation be a little more <unk> to the japanese ?
why didn 't tom just stay in boston ?
i 'm ready for my next challenge .
i don 't deserve to live .
tom should be back at 2 : 30 .
sami soon moved in .
stay with us tonight .
tom is coming in .
she is not only pretty , but also kind .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be afraid to do that .
i know what tom did to you .
sami doesn 't need layla 's car .
they 've decided they 'll do that .
tom was caught in a lie .
that 's a complex question .
where did she put the newspaper ?
tom and i don 't ever stay angry at each other very long .
she was quite <unk> by the death of her husband .
tom will do that next week .
tom and mary were afraid that they were going to die .
i drank too much beer yesterday .
it 's cold this morning , isn 't it ?
i know where tom will be doing that .
they said that they kept doing that .
tom and mary moved to boston last year .
you have all the information you need .
it took us half an hour to set up the tent .
it was clear that tom was interested in doing that .
you know that tom can 't speak french very well , don 't you ?
you 're not going to let tom drive , are you ?
fadil was reported missing when he didn 't arrive home when he was supposed to .
march 3 is the day of the <unk> ' festival .
you do a nice job .
i set one free .
in a way , <unk> seems like my mother .
i don 't like his type .
can we interview her ?
if something happened to you , i don 't know what i 'd do .
tom is doing what he always does .
i asked where to go .
tom heard everything they said .
i wasn 't even thinking about that .
we have had little rain this summer .
tom says he always does that that way .
the time we 've spent together is <unk> .
he left the office without saying a word to anyone .
tom , mary , john and alice have all gone .
i 'm not cut out to be a politician .
that 's exactly what i meant .
i must 've passed out .
you must record his speech .
how 's work ?
i have what you 're looking for right here .
tom had a hard time making a living in boston .
mr smith is too polite to say anything bad about others .
their jeans do not fit .
an old man is a child with a past .
i need to spend a few weeks in australia .
i didn 't think i 'd get hurt .
you know the difference between these , don 't you ?
i wish tom had left a note .
did tom actually do that in less than three hours ?
i 'll give him that .
there was a pack of paper on the table .
the committee meeting is held twice per month .
tom wants this one .
it was something she did not want to put into words .
i hear from my friend every month .
i don 't blame you .
you know that i like to do that , don 't you ?
i looked at the <unk> on my desk .
i know you feel grateful .
i can 't accept that explanation .
i still think it 's weird .
tom and mary asked me to pick them up at the station .
i don 't think tom is conservative .
it 's a cold day in cairo .
there 's nobody living in the house next door .
you 're afraid of this ?
i didn 't think you 'd tell me how to do that .
sami still hasn 't come back .
nothing is as close to <unk> as the mind without reason .
i was young and innocent .
tom is in the park , isn 't he ?
i cut the article out of the magazine .
same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries <unk> , including <unk> as of yesterday .
i think that tom won 't be lonely .
she couldn 't do that to herself .
where did he move to ?
she told me that she was wrong .
let 's just not talk anymore .
i was proud of you .
i thought that i 'd stay a little longer .
she said she would leave on monday .
please take with you as much as you need .
if you go fishing tomorrow , i 'll go , too .
i am sure of his victory .
i hope to meet you all again .
does tom live far from here ?
empty your wallet .
they aren 't as old as you think that they are .
did you sleep on the couch again last night ?
he 's still hungry after all that food .
tom filled out the job application form .
tom stood next to mary .
tom and mary were <unk> next to each other in the back seat of john 's car .
these aren 't tom 's sunglasses .
tom said he didn 't believe mary did that .
never have i seen such a smart child .
mary heard a noise behind her and turned around to see what it was .
sami doesn 't know it yet .
tom is still overweight , isn 't he ?
her mouth fell open .
tom and mary are leaving right now .
i wanna be with you .
the price is good .
don 't <unk> what you don 't understand .
tom divorced his first wife more than fifteen years ago .
they all appeared satisfied with your answers .
sami 's friend has been murdered .
tom and mary said they didn 't know where they should park their cars .
she 's not a doctor .
the last time i saw mary she was headed toward the beach .
i stood in that line for thirty minutes .
sami 's story doesn 't make sense .
it 's not always hot in boston .
he went out to eat .
tom used to be able to do that quite well .
i 'll be thirty years old tomorrow .
instead of leaving it to others , take responsibility yourself .
just say yes .
tom was the one who helped me pull <unk> in the garden .
tom says he wants to quit the band .
i 'm not certain tom is responsible .
this time , i 'll come with my sister .
it 's totally true .
" i should thank you . " " what for ? "
i 've seen everything .
sami raised this dog since he was a <unk> .
sami grew up in a very religious muslim family .
the students asked questions one after another .
she won 't go camping by herself .
he said he did that wrong .
tom says mary knows what he 's doing .
we 've worked hard for what we have .
she rushed home with the good news .
tom said you were happy .
she can speak spanish .
i 'll let tom and mary know you want to see them .
how about tomorrow night ?
neither tom nor mary has done anything stupid .
mary told me she was scared .
she went out to america when she was young , and lived in the town of <unk> , where she married this <unk> , who was a lawyer with a good practice .
you know more about tom than anyone else does .
<unk> ! you 've lost weight . are you on a diet ?
they said they were not afraid of <unk> .
today is teacher 's conference day .
i hope you have a good time at the party .
she works at the local flower shop .
sami missed his wife and children .
why do you hate them so much ?
were you the one who told tom to do that ?
don 't make a noise in the library .
friendship is a lie .
sami just turned around and left .
is it christmas again already ?
they told everybody they were cold .
i 'm no longer planning to do that .
i didn 't tell tom why i wasn 't going to be at his party .
i knew tom wouldn 't make mary do that .
i 'm sure i 've seen him before somewhere .
mary looked for her pen .
tom says he isn 't in the mood to do that today .
mary baked three <unk> cookies for tom 's party .
tom and mary said they weren 't willing to help us .
i don 't think that i 'll be able to do that again .
i shit in your milk .
tom and i 've been <unk> that problem .
i wonder if i really need to do that again .
tom and mary did that the way you told them to .
tom and mary say they 're busy .
it really looks amazing .
he came over and cooked dinner for me .
i want to stay single .
she wouldn 't go hiking by herself .
he is said to be <unk> as a doctor .
mary says she thinks she 'll be able to do that .
i 'm not sure that i can do what you want me to do .
what did you say to make tom cry ?
they 're sleeping in their rooms .
tom decided not to move to australia .
i can 't even believe i 'm doing this .
tom wanted to do all the talking .
i like to walk in the mountains .
tom knows i 'm homesick .
tom is jealous of me .
i 'm a bad singer .
it 's a very urgent matter .
i heard tom crying .
they live in a big house .
the more the better .
mary told me she had to split .
sami lived in a nearby state .
tom and mary aren 't able to do that on their own .
sami was coming onto me .
he gave me not just advice , but money as well .
everyone wanted tom to have fun .
tom and mary look younger than they actually are .
you don 't seem to be as relaxed as tom seems to be .
tom wanted to see where i grew up .
i think that this will be the last battle of the war .
you old <unk> ! what do you understand ? !
layla shot sami in the head .
tom didn 't arrive until the concert was over .
i didn 't want to eat anything .
tom knows that he 's in real trouble now .
do you believe in love at first sight ? because , if you don 't , i <unk> you it 's happening right now .
i was gonna go shopping tomorrow , but i really can 't be bothered .
what do you want to do after school ?
at that time , the train was <unk> crowded .
that might happen on monday .
tom said he thought mary wasn 't as cooperative as she should 've been .
why should i give this to you ?
the biggest damage done to tatoeba is to change correct sentences that have correct <unk> .
sorry , i didn 't know that you were still here .
sami had a service dog .
don 't look so depressed .
did you drive when you were in germany ?
tom is lying face down on a <unk> .
" i 'll do it tomorrow . " " you said that yesterday ! "
they say they needs a break , too .
i don 't understand what happened .
you must come back before nine o 'clock .
have you got through with the paper ?
he told me he was homeless .
tom used to do that when he was in high school .
no <unk> , you aren 't ready to talk about the company , which is useful .
how do you not kill each other ?
tom taught himself french .
tom isn 't supposed to be eating in the classroom , is he ?
you 've got the idea .
just stick around a few days and you 'll come to love this place .
my father asked me if i got along well with the <unk> family .
sami knows that that sounds weird .
i drew this picture myself .
" what does <unk> stand for ? " " it means <unk> flying object , i guess . "
mary said she figured she could do that .
i told you what i know .
i thought it was a bottle .
what did she mean ?
i haven 't done that as many times as you have .
do you remember what we used to say about tom ?
do you live around here ?
she is very free with her money .
tom will never win .
" do you like this painting ? " " yes , but i think the <unk> is more expensive than the picture . where did you buy it ? "
how many times have your <unk> been ignored ?
i knew tom might get in trouble if he did that .
the time has passed very quickly .
tom will be leaving early tomorrow morning .
mary said she wanted to buy a <unk> .
this makes me laugh to death !
i don 't think it 's going to be hard to convince tom to help us .
don 't permit tom and mary to do that by themselves .
there are things in this world which simply cannot be <unk> in the form of words .
consider the problem again .
i can 't let them do this to me .
i think that tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it .
tom will be <unk> mary the day after tomorrow .
how do i know that you 're not just telling me what i want to hear ?
she 's still single .
sami wanted to know who might have <unk> layla .
and suddenly he appeared with a <unk> in his hand .
tom was really good .
tom is accustomed to eating cold rice .
he told me to leave the window open .
we accepted her invitation .
you were invited .
you have to make good the promise for your mother .
he had his wallet stolen .
i thought you said that you couldn 't speak french .
tom didn 't know what he needed to do .
she said she 's also frustrated .
no matter what you think , the <unk> was not just .
tom and mary claim that they 've already done that .
i know that the <unk> member might be wrong .
tom led the discussion .
i can stay in boston with tom .
that 's what tom thinks .
tom and mary aren 't going to do that anymore .
i don 't think tom will be nervous .
sami walked out the door .
there aren 't many trees in my neighborhood .
call me on monday .
i knew tom was afraid to say anything .
tom and mary loved their dog .
when tom drinks , everybody drinks .
we 're going to protect you .
less than one percent of the population is truly <unk> , that is , they have no <unk> hand .
where did you find it , at school or at home ?
here 's a book for your mother to read .
tom is reading a detective novel .
i know tom knows why we didn 't that on monday .
you must see it to believe it .
i know tom is a very lucky guy .
she knows where we live .
no smoking is allowed in this train station .
what makes you think tom won 't like it ?
tom <unk> down the tree that was behind the garage .
i have some friends in the police department .
he seemed unconscious of my presence .
mary told me that she 's faster at doing that than tom is .
mary is convinced tom is the man for her .
i thought that you were serious .
she still does that whenever she can .
sami is going to school .
tom and mary never told me why they were here .
they said that their team would win .
the <unk> on the back of the book suggested it was good , but it was not .
you 're depressed .
we <unk> that a meeting be held as soon as possible .
i know tom isn 't a big baseball fan .
my <unk> is a wolf in sheep 's clothing .
you do a lot of your work at home , don 't you ?
i wonder if tom is motivated .
if you will come this way ...
you asked tom and mary if they could do that , didn 't you ?
could you please tell me how to get to the station ?
tom and mary won 't tell anyone , will they ?
it 's tom who 's the boss .
i know tom can 't stop me from doing that .
tom doesn 't think there is any way mary could do that .
sami wasn 't feeling well .
let 's leave right away .
i wouldn 't want to live there .
i got back from australia just last night .
he says he wants to help you .
i didn 't know tom was doing that right now .
do you like it all ?
those are our teachers ' cars .
tom is from a small town , isn 't he ?
mary said she doesn 't think tom wanted to do that .
you 'll be fine without me .
i didn 't think that tom would let me drive his new sports car .
tom and mary don 't feel like doing that again .
there were ten <unk> in as many days .
tom isn 't going to do that anymore .
tom is a little bit crazy .
tom has been drinking , but he isn 't drunk .
let tom and mary have their fun .
i 'd like for you to do something for me .
tom and mary said they probably wouldn 't do that anymore .
the building was completely destroyed .
in front of the house is a tree .
tom considered moving to australia , but decided against it .
he took charge of the family business after his father died .
i 'm trying to practice .
tom told mary that he was home on monday .
i stay home .
sami 's video is so long .
how long was i supposed to wait ?
she has brown shoes .
tom knows that it 's useless .
i know that tom is a very good friend of mary 's .
are you able to <unk> miles to kilometers ?
sami was only sixteen years old at the time .
you might not be able to see tom .
as soon as he came , he started eating .
tom didn 't have time to watch tv yesterday .
tom tried to stand up , but couldn 't .
mary said she couldn 't wait .
tom is back in australia .
tom may be in trouble .
i could 've told you that .
i want what 's best for both of us .
was it french ?
don 't throw away this magazine .
he got over the end .
that is the first step .
i know that i shouldn 't have told tom he needed to do that .
indeed , she quite forgot her <unk> 's orders to her , so that she heard the clock begin to strike twelve when she thought it could not be more than <unk> .
mary is sorry she got caught .
tom said that he wasn 't permitted to do that anymore .
tom knew that he wouldn 't be able to go to boston with mary .
i won 't be back any time soon .
youth sees too far to see how near it is to seeing <unk> .
sami wanted to be nice .
she just missed the last train of the night .
what kind of gift can you give someone like tom ?
are they all strong ?
he escaped from prison by climbing over a wall .
i didn 't know that i had hurt anyone .
tom and mary let me know they could do that .
i never got an answer from tom .
if you still don 't know about the project , enter to our site for more information .
i 'll come home .
there is no opening in our firm .
i 'll never forget going to <unk> with her .
you know i 'm innocent , don 't you ?
thanks for this , tom .
do you know where the hospital is ?
tom thinks that i need to help mary .
i missed the airplane by a minute .
i think tom and mary would do anything to get what they want .
i 'll be finished cleaning by 2 : 30 .
tom and i won 't do that by ourselves .
tom and mary are old enough to take care of themselves .
mary soon realized that no one was paying any attention to her .
does your father smoke ?
i feel heavy in the head .
because we 're worth it .
a kiss without a <unk> is like an egg without salt .
they told me that they were finished .
this is what tom deserves .
" would you mind taking me home ? " , she said .
you gave tom that money , didn 't you ?
where a painting 's general sense seems clear , <unk> , the exact <unk> of its content remains in doubt .
tom has been living with us since 2013 .
he told me <unk> , " i 'm not sure whether i should be alive " .
the leaves have all fallen .
tom 's a fantastic leader .
i know that isn 't good .
do you know anybody in australia ?
i haven 't seen that movie yet .
you should not break your promise .
that room is filled with a <unk> of cigarette smoke .
they know they 'll be punished .
tom said that he knew that mary was the one who did it .
i know i should 've left early .
i 'm not used to having people question my <unk> .
tom suggested that we give it a try .
i didn 't know tom and mary were upset .
mary couldn 't get her gloves off .
sami heard this voice .
it seemed the whole town was here .
how long would it take me to walk to the station ?
we didn 't visit boston .
tom will probably be exhausted .
he said he needed to take a bath .
i 'm sure tom won 't be sleepy .
i 'd like to work less and make more money .
i wanted to be with him and that is why i left my friends from the <unk> .
i 'm convinced tom can help us here .
i can vote against it , i guess .
all the kids were dancing .
i felt guilty about it .
she said that she won 't speak french .
tom has enough money to buy it .
she told me she 'd cried .
tom has to go back home .
tom hadn 't eaten all day long and was very hungry .
who 's coming for supper ?
tom has a longer beard than john does .
oil is of great use to us .
tom hopes to live there someday .
tom says he knows mary could do that if she would only put her mind to it .
he let out the secret <unk> this matter .
you spend too much time in the bathroom in the morning .
he says he 's never won anything .
tom and mary have many things in common .
it 's important that i be informed immediately .
i heard that tom and mary don 't swim very well .
sami said layla changed his life completely .
sami didn 't take any of this seriously .
tom didn 't hide anything from mary .
nothing got ruined .
you should read such a good book as he is reading now .
there should be more sentences in <unk> languages in tatoeba .
they said that they were wrong .
i don 't think that tom is good-looking , but he 's a nice guy .
i think that i could come to australia for christmas .
he can 't come , because he 's sick .
i 'm sure tom will be discouraged .
they rejected your plan .
you stole tom 's car , didn 't you ?
what makes you think i was on a date ?
in that case , i 'll change my mind .
tom and mary said they didn 't know who john was planning on staying with .
do you know tom 's full name ?
they say that they have nothing to do .
keep away from that .
she got into the university with a view to studying english .
is tom from australia ?
tom said he wanted to learn how to <unk> a boat .
did you manage to convince fadil ?
why were you disappointed ?
i can 't leave my family .
mary said she was healthy .
tom wondered if mary had been playing games all afternoon .
tom loves this .
the teacher opened the door .
i thought you recognized me .
tom said that he thought mary would be back by 2 : 30 .
i had a neighbor who was blind .
tom and mary told me they were healthy .
i thought you were married .
tom didn 't touch his lunch .
i 'm not very happy about what happened .
tom and mary said that they 've been told to do that .
i don 't think that tom is ready to do that .
what beautiful words !
it 's not fair to judge someone based only on their physical appearance .
you two are very cute together .
they looked for him everywhere but didn 't find him .
tom is likely going to walk home .
these shoes don 't fit my feet .
let tom decide what you need to do .
tom said he doesn 't want to do that by himself .
tom thought mary would like john .
you 'll hardly feel this .
hi . how are you called ?
eventually , tom just gave up .
sami 's house was right around the corner from our house .
it 's all but impossible .
there was now no opportunity of <unk> from the situation in which he had placed himself .
many people attended that meeting .
i know you speak french .
mary thinks that she knows the answer .
let me come over .
i gave them a choice .
we 're going to figure out how to do that eventually .
it 's ok to think of ' five minutes ' as a <unk> <unk> , right ?
this sentence is <unk> correct but that is not how we say it .
that 's how tom does that .
it will be difficult for him to get up so early .
your parents would have been proud of you .
do you have a happy marriage ?
write spanish .
having slept well last night , i feel very fine this morning .
tom wanted to become a teacher .
have you ever hit someone ?
i think he is not chinese .
layla wasn 't wearing hijab .
i should 've never come to australia .
i 'll give tom a shirt for christmas .
mary thought about what it would be like to dance with tom . <unk> , however , simply stood up and took the <unk> .
she saw the news .
tom should have laughed at mary 's jokes , even though they weren 't funny .
the professor that took the floor is from the university of <unk> .
layla fixed the car herself .
she was stupid enough to go out with him .
i 'm tired of listening to his <unk> .
she 's getting married next month .
you didn 't give me a chance .
tom couldn 't have done something like that .
mary refused to tell tom what she knew .
how does tom still have a job ?
mary may not be as smart as you think she is .
just stay in the kitchen until tom goes home .
nobody would help us do that .
think happy thoughts .
she is not only beautiful but also intelligent .
tell tom i 'm hungry .
tom is the only student in our class who can speak french .
we were confident .
tom asked mary to do something she didn 't want to do .
i made plans .
tom and mary said that they were irritated .
i can never go back .
she studied french as hard as possible .
i thought tom was in his office on mondays .
are you sure you don 't want to come ?
nothing is more <unk> than respect based on fear .
can you explain to me what this is ?
tell tom that he should visit australia .
we 've decided to make a deal with tom .
israel wants more and more space .
i will prove to the world that you are a very stupid expert .
he died and his soul went to hell .
tom won 't do that right away , but he 'll do it eventually .
i don 't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house .
we regret that we cannot place an order .
i couldn 't think of anything else i needed to do .
i told tom that mary already knew he wasn 't going to be at her party .
tom wants to know where you hid the key .
come in . the door is open .
tom isn 't here to make friends .
i don 't know what sami has been doing .
how much damage did the storm cause ?
i 'm dying to see it .
my suggestion is that you not give tom any kind of gift .
would you explain it again ?
let tom do anything he wants .
she has no more pain .
sami didn 't know who layla is .
tom looks terrified .
you 'll have to find a trick to <unk> that issue .
i wanted to sit in the back .
dan demanded to see the manager .
i 'm on to you .
tom is the person who taught me how to do that .
tom should read this book .
tom thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself .
i shouldn 't have bought so much .
tom and mary will take care of john .
it was fun playing video games with you this afternoon .
sami wanted the best for layla .
i was raised in australia .
tom needs to be told to do that .
why did tom come to boston ?
tom is cleaning the house .
i can 't wait for him .
i failed the written test .
in the <unk> , two graduate students were waiting for me .
age isn 't important , unless you are cheese .
sami was smoking with me .
this is tom 's only chance .
sami and layla spend twenty minutes with each other every day .
i think tom and mary are smarter than that .
tom asked mary if she knew when john had been in boston .
they put him in jail .
i 'm supposed to be here all afternoon .
he 's one of those kind of people that never give up .
i 'm getting fat .
tom told me that he 'd call tomorrow .
i don 't plan on being there .
tom and mary don 't seem to know what they have to do .
could i get a copy of these ?
if you don 't like it , don 't eat it .
why is tom always so aggressive ?
tom should talk to mary .
i am from latin america .
tom should talk to us .
tom isn 't a baby anymore .
sami doesn 't know where you live now .
this book is written in easy english .
actually , we waste water .
you ok , <unk> ? we can do this tomorrow , you know .
i just don 't have what it takes .
you 've done it !
when passing someone in a narrow space , do you face them or turn your back ?
tom is going to go there with me .
i told them i wouldn 't do it .
tom and mary said that they may not win .
they walked slowly towards tom .
tom and mary don 't know when john is planning to go to boston
tom and mary have done everything they wanted to do .
give us some <unk> , we <unk> of you ! we are old , tired , and sick .
i thought it 'd be fun to sing a few songs together .
he didn 't speak berber at all .
sami 's suitcase has a <unk> on it .
tom made me swear not to tell his parents .
tom seemed very friendly .
why does it matter so much to you ?
i almost caught the fish .
we don 't know whether tom can come or not .
they showed me pictures of their cars .
he has a bit of a temper .
i am not accustomed to making <unk> in public .
i thought tom had a chance to win .
tom is wearing a hat like mine .
the book is laid open on top of the desk .
he is powerful .
trust the bear !
i need something to open this bottle with .
tom tried to do that but couldn 't .
let 's get her to bed .
i figure that it 'll take one or two days .
tom thought he 'd like to become a <unk> .
can 't you sense it ?
tom and mary bought a house in boston last year .
tom is very hard to please , isn 't he ?
tom makes way too many <unk> <unk> . that 's perhaps why he doesn 't have very many friends .
i can 't believe sami did this to me .
tom understood me .
you said i was beautiful .
tom stayed at home all weekend .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was well .
when could tom do that ?
what kind of research does the <unk> do ?
sami is very much older than me .
tom isn 't scared of snakes .
i found out why my computer keeps <unk> .
no wonder nobody could find tom .
i have the best ideas .
this is the one i prefer .
he gets great pleasure from long walks through the woods .
read the kinds of books that you can easily understand .
the two most powerful <unk> are patience and time .
i married tom .
most of the time , he doesn 't get to sleep before two or even three o 'clock in the morning .
are you still mad at us ?
tom said it was a joke .
do you think that we have a chance to win ?
tell us what happened to you .
i thought that you said that you were ready to do that .
we have a similar sense of humor .
the radio gave place to television .
two things children should get from their parents : <unk> and wings !
he was <unk> his horse to the fence .
tom must have thought mary couldn 't speak french .
you say that like i have a choice .
i don 't often come here .
what do you say we call it a day ?
family is everything .
she acted as if she didn 't know us .
one day , when the girl was at the spring , a poor lady <unk> her and asked her for a drink .
when i heard the news , i cried .
tom still says he doesn 't blame me .
i don 't think that it works that way .
tom said that you might be interested in this book .
i 'm planning on doing something else .
monday will probably be a cold day .
i couldn 't persuade tom to wait .
if you ask me , tom is the problem .
let me see your notes .
tom can drive a car , too .
tom said that mary was finished doing that .
he 's in his office working late .
tom said he thinks mary won 't eat very much .
tom is going to be late for work this morning .
that 's all i needed .
you should work more .
my dog didn 't do that .
when will you come to boston ?
tom told me he hoped that mary would be at tomorrow 's meeting .
tom and mary said they were going to be in boston for another week .
i didn 't tell tom what i needed to buy .
i 'm glad we saw him .
can you translate that into french ?
tom and mary said they didn 't plan on going anywhere tomorrow .
is the food good in this restaurant ?
i thought tom was the last one to do that .
he said he felt no pressure .
i have something to tell you .
this could be dangerous .
you 're not supposed to do that without permission .
tom eats <unk> , but his brother doesn 't .
tom and mary said that they cried all night .
tom 's a very nice person .
why didn 't you tell me that tom shouldn 't do that ?
maybe we should do this somewhere else .
i think i know someone that might help us .
i know tom might agree to do that .
tom and mary promised they 'd be more careful the next time .
the new traffic <unk> come into force tomorrow .
tom said that i ought to laugh more often .
i just want the truth .
we 're very busy just now .
tom thought mary would be in australia for three weeks .
i know tom will have time to do that today .
just tell me what you need .
tom was the one who turned off the lights .
i am happy about your good luck .
i went for help .
today she <unk> how to find out the real truth .
where is my mother ?
go home and stay there .
the moon is very beautiful this evening .
she went upstairs to her room .
i have to do that by monday .
sami was thirsty .
tom won 't bother you anymore .
mary rolled out of bed .
we can 't leave until tom and mary get here .
i 'm going to ruin your life .
you gave tom what he needed , right ?
mary is about your age , isn 't she ?
i know what they 're doing .
sami is going to be at work .
can 't you drive a little more slowly ?
were you up all night ?
both of my brothers are older than me .
the japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop .
hope is the walking stick , from the <unk> to the grave .
you are forgiven .
sami is really tall .
our team doesn 't stand a chance against their team because they are much better than we are .
the best way to make your own dreams come true is to wake up .
do i have to make a speech ?
there 's one last thing that needs to be done .
tom stopped taking his medication .
tom married a teacher .
i kind of like tom .
sami 's room was right here .
it 'd be foolish to do that .
why did that bother you ?
the river <unk> in front of our village .
tom hasn 't yet been blamed for the mess .
dan didn 't even discuss the problem with linda .
raise your hand if you want to speak .
tom said he didn 't like australia .
i told tom i was interested .
he 'll say that she 's his mother .
you 're being a little too optimistic , i think .
the man , in short , is not to be trusted .
tom soon realized the person he was talking to wasn 't mary .
don 't read <unk> , read to yourself .
the members of the family had grave doubts <unk> the explanation they received from the army .
how fast does this car go ?
i wouldn 't be in a big hurry to do that .
tom seems to have it in for me .
i didn 't think tom would be so offended .
jane sometimes runs to school .
tom seems to be happy now .
mary tied her dog to the tree .
tom is sure mary will do that .
you don 't get to tell me what to do ever again .
tom and mary say they don 't care whether we do that or not .
would you lend me your bicycle ?
he lost the watch he bought yesterday .
tom said that he didn 't cry .
tom and mary had no time to catch their <unk> .
who knows the answers ?
i 'm not the one who advised tom not to do that .
if it were up to me , i would pull out of the deal .
i wish that i hadn 't promised tom i 'd go to australia with him .
she is a <unk> example of absolutely nothing .
so now you see !
this company owes its success to him .
tom said he 'd be going to boston on business next month .
i never wanted to do anything tom suggested we do .
why are we here again ?
i 'll bet my bottom dollar he 'll succeed .
i don 't know if i 'll have the time to do that .
they 're not sure .
tom knows he can win .
he <unk> around with the wrong group of kids .
we are not ready to order yet .
we 'll be ready .
tom isn 't very likely to be at tonight 's party , is he ?
sami can 't see that house .
this whole subject is clearly a sore spot with tom .
neither tom nor mary has ever been here .
i was in the <unk> on the second floor of the hospital .
that might 've worked .
i wasn 't very sleepy .
i 'm a married woman .
i like this song ; it 's got a strong beat and you can dance to it .
i used to be a professional musician .
what do you think tom loved most about you ?
tom and mary will do everything they can .
i can 't tie my <unk> by myself .
we don 't have any rules .
i 'll be out of jail as soon as the police realize i 'm innocent .
does it ever bother you ?
he said that he 's quit drinking .
when i feel fine , i go for a walk .
they said that they felt nothing .
i have no idea what tom has to do .
what are you doing on your night off ?
tom walked his dog every day .
tom told me he 'd be right over .
tom told me that he thought mary was <unk> .
fadil said that he was going to kill the dog .
tom has a lot of friends to help him .
you should write a letter .
tom was out , but mary wasn 't .
it was hard for me to refuse tom 's request .
tom will be staying in boston for several weeks .
he has a lot of original ideas .
tom and mary say they 're not interested in sports .
she is looking for an apartment .
i 'm a member of the basketball team .
don 't go near the water until you learn how to swim .
tom doesn 't want to press charges .
i don 't care . i 'm hungry .
i hope tom isn 't <unk> at doing that than i am .
we need to get out of here now !
you don 't seem to be as interested in doing that as tom seems to be .
tom is taking the kids to school .
i don 't know what else my band wants me to put in this <unk> , so i 'm going to make a <unk> for all those reading to fill out and send to us .
i 'm happy , but he 's tired .
she 's a real beauty .
she told me she liked my idea .
we need to be prepared .
tom should have understood the rules .
do you guys think i 'm fat ?
when did you find out about it ?
tom hasn 't seen mary since they got divorced .
they said that they just wanted to be loved .
no passengers were injured .
tom says he doesn 't remember his parents ever <unk> him .
tom and mary were working as hard as possible .
he is living with his friend for the time being .
he says that he can 't win .
tom isn 't mean .
tom and mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that by themselves .
birds sing .
i won 't do that tomorrow .
tom was supposed to go to boston last week .
tom planned to do that yesterday .
i 'm just a teenager .
everyone here but you has done that .
i 'm not convinced that i have to do that .
this is all that i know about him .
and what do you want from me in return ?
tom asked mary to go talk to john .
i met tom at mary 's party .
did you want this ?
anne <unk> , what 's the matter now ?
he showed me how to make a cake .
tom and mary told john that they wouldn 't enjoy doing that .
mary said she 's not sure tom should do that .
it 's <unk> outside . i 'm really scared !
i don 't think that tom knows what time mary is planning to leave .
tom and mary <unk> with their empty glasses .
he is a dentist .
i take full responsibility for this .
tom is not at all busy .
that goes over my head .
tom 's gun is on the ground .
tell mary i love her .
the police arrested three men .
you need to make time .
stop where you are .
tom proposed to mary .
please get out of my house .
he said that he 'd wait .
i knew tom and mary were no good .
i 'm going to follow her .
you don 't really have to do that today , do you ?
it takes more than a day to master a trade .
we 're having a party tonight .
a lot of people swim here in the summer .
she pulled off her socks .
tom calls mary several times a day .
i don 't think that tom was impressed .
it seemed that tom wanted to attend the party .
tom went home and cried .
the boy was <unk> in playing a computer game .
maybe tom would enjoy doing that with you .
i would 've said something .
i was an <unk> before you were born .
nobody died .
where did you and tom eat ?
tom said that he thought mary would be in her office .
my french teacher told to <unk> my essay .
are you saying that there 's still a chance we can get this done on time ?
you 're very clever .
you 'd never permit tom to do that , would you ?
tom is clearly upset by what 's going on .
i didn 't get the meaning .
tom and mary broke up on monday .
you guys are nuts .
no one understands why she 's so aggressive .
i hate the english language and everything related to it .
tom and mary said they wanted to go camping with us .
tom is likely to still be doing that now .
tom said he thought that that wasn 't likely to happen .
i see him once in a while .
the cat on the table is sleeping .
good <unk> is hard to find these days .
tom tried to open the door , but he couldn 't .
tom wanted mary to bring him a cup of coffee .
tom wasn 't there yesterday .
layla had no idea of what was going on .
tom needs to wash clothes .
what was it like working with tom ?
mary followed the bus on her bicycle .
tom has been supportive .
tom says he can 't ignore mary 's behavior any longer .
mary <unk> with tom late into the night .
they told me they 'd be back .
tom saw mary in the audience .
sami got even more upset .
mary said she 's always done that .
mary told me she never saw tom .
imagine that you started to <unk> and couldn 't stop .
tom doesn 't think that will ever happen .
i 'm going to be <unk> on tv next monday .
" stop <unk> me . what did he say ? " " he said yes . "
how did tom make that much money ?
i don 't want to lie anymore .
i 'm going to be your teacher .
i 'm not sure that you can be of much help .
the mountain rescue service is always on <unk> .
i ate her .
that can 't be good for your health , can it ?
she will not approve .
tom is still in there .
i would like your permission to date your daughter .
tom has big feet .
what are your favorite movies ?
just look outside .
tom wasn 't telling you the whole truth .
you frightened him .
i was hoping you could talk to tom .
they 've told me they won 't do that .
why were tom and mary left there alone ?
i do hear something .
tom seemed surprised when i told him .
solve the following six math problems .
that 's not true .
do you really have to do that ?
<unk> , she loved the children and was content with the work .
do you suppose they expected to be suffering like this ?
she told the judge she was sorry .
tom thinks mary is cute .
he seemed to know his stuff .
this is really weird .
tom was mad at mary .
why would you want to share this type of information with people you hardly know ?
the singer was at his best in that song .
i know tom is naive .
tom made the right decision after all .
we 've got to find another way out of here .
those things really happened .
what 'll you be doing this summer ?
do you really think tom is healthy ?
you should take singing lessons .
mary said she 'd try to keep tom from doing that .
thank you for your letter !
where else should i be ?
your boyfriend got tired of waiting for you and left just now .
i appreciate what you are trying to do .
sami still lives on that farm .
i think tom is feeling a little <unk> .
everyone thinks that tom went to australia .
we don 't have very much time to finish this .
tom got out of the way .
he lives in the clouds .
in the year <unk> , there will be flying cars everywhere .
tom did that all by himself .
you didn 't know that i needed to do that , did you ?
i 'm very allergic to peanuts .
tom isn 't likely to want to stay very long .
tom said he 'd try doing that .
what i am talking about right now is the deep love and respect i have for my husband .
don 't go there !
tom knew that mary wasn 't going to be at school today .
did anyone see it happen ?
the ship gained on us .
i was starting to think that you 'd forgotten .
no , it 's not necessary .
they won 't find us here .
i did everything i could to help tom find a job .
please don 't leave me with them .
tom has some things that he has to do .
if only you had known him ! then things would have turned out differently , and it would be better for him now .
i think we 're going to be ok .
tom and mary said that they won 't walk home today .
when water is <unk> , it turns into gas .
i can 't believe you wanted to do that .
tom was surrounded by the police .
i didn 't think tom would regret doing that .
i got that problem wrong and the teacher started yelling .
who says that i have a gun ?
tom and mary think they 're smarter than anybody else .
sami and layla started dating nearly <unk> years ago .
i can sense how angry you are .
tom died in the earthquake .
do you think it would be possible for you to convince tom to do that for me ?
it is difficult to <unk> the results of the election .
how have i never heard of this guy ? !
who told you tom wouldn 't want to do that ?
i 'll see him if he doesn 't come too late .
where did he study yesterday ?
mary was unable to finish her lunch .
they 've sold their company .
they said that they 're ready for the test .
will you pay cash ?
there are very beautiful women .
i love the way the language sounds .
tom was a big man .
tom told everybody he wanted to move to boston .
tom said he was disappointed .
he won 't live much longer .
we 've been together a long time .
i don 't know when tom will leave australia .
we have great plans for tom .
they say they can 't stand doing that .
tom arrived too early and mary wasn 't ready yet .
which languages are in demand in your country ?
tom and mary say they didn 't know john couldn 't do that .
layla wanted to be killed .
tom divorced mary after the children graduated from college .
strange .
most people here can 't swim very well .
he won 't come out of his room .
the musician has many friends .
my house is close to the park .
i 'm afraid that i don 't know .
what should we do if he happens to come late ?
you 'll need help doing that .
tom is in need of medical attention right away .
he took a notebook out .
they will forget each other .
do tom and mary really have one of those ?
mary lost her sunglasses .
it 's just the right thing to do .
i thought that you said that we weren 't going to do that again .
tom looks like he might start crying .
tom said mary went to boston .
i 'll hit tom if i have to .
i doubt that tom is still nervous .
tom didn 't plan on talking to anyone .
lack of food made them very hungry .
he tried to <unk> his attention on the letter .
she lives in a huge house .
give me your sandwich .
tom and mary are playing <unk> with their friends .
sami thinks that might work .
the morning , which had <unk> calm and bright , gave a pleasant effect even to the waste <unk> view which was seen from the castle on looking to the <unk> .
mary is out of work , isn 't she ?
did tom tell you about what he and mary did last weekend ?
you could have just talked to me .
sami was smiling in layla 's face .
on going to bed , he fell asleep .
tom is parked out front .
are you going to call tom ?
you won 't be able to do that without me .
mary said that tom told her he 'd never met john .
tom and mary were just lucky .
you may go anywhere you like .
tom ran to the bus stop , so he wouldn 't miss the bus .
i thought that you might want a drink .
it is foolish of him to pay for it again .
i thought that you didn 't have any money .
did they write a letter ?
tom said his license was suspended .
tom didn 't tell mary what time he planned to do that .
tom isn 't watching .
tom won 't likely be ready .
i don 't have all the answers .
mary called tom to tell her he wouldn 't be home until tomorrow .
i thought that you might like to know that tom isn 't planning on coming .
i wasn 't the one who told mary she needed to do that .
that isn 't what i meant .
tom is the one the boss wants to see .
i 'm pretty sure tom can speak french .
sami and layla met in the summer of <unk> .
i want to go back now .
you don 't seem to be aware of the problems .
sami was my worst boyfriend ever .
tom might be desperate to do that .
i should have gone camping .
can you cut my sandwich in half ?
he seldom gets angry or irritated .
tom and mary are speaking in french .
you never stop , do you ?
the " man " that you saw is actually a woman .
tom should have been punished in this case .
mary threw a <unk> of cold water on tom 's face to wake him up .
you wanna throw down ?
tom doesn 't want to do it .
would you like to <unk> a bite to eat somewhere ?
she told me she wasn 't married .
have you heard from her recently ?
they 're pretty loud .
tom fell off his chair .
can i get half a <unk> of chicken legs , please ?
tom thinks that mary probably hasn 't done that yet .
your sister is a good <unk> , isn 't she ?
tom told me where he had hidden the old <unk> .
tom fell asleep watching tv .
she told me that she couldn 't wait .
tom and mary said they want to meet you .
tom is finally able to do that again .
tom has a little boy .
i hope tom and mary won 't wait too long before they do that .
i still can 't really hear you .
they must 've known this would happen .
don 't you still owe tom money ?
they got up to put on their <unk> .
this seems fair .
we talked about it .
i still have to find out about tom .
i never should 've <unk> you into this .
i can take the bus .
how many days will tom be traveling ?
if you want me to play the piano , i 'll play the piano .
i didn 't know why tom didn 't want to do that until he told me .
i didn 't realize that tom was from another country .
they said they were planning to do that .
they 're coming together .
we heard the <unk> <unk> back and forth in the park where there was supposed to be no one else but us .
it 's not me that tom and mary want to talk to .
i 'll see tom again on monday .
sami knew that layla was muslim .
tom got mary to lend him some money .
i didn 't know that you were joking .
sami has to respect layla 's decision .
i 'm completely over it .
tom and mary told me they did that wrong .
tom and mary told me they 'd likely cry .
you could have done it .
tom will make this work .
it 's a shame it had to happen here .
she likes being looked at by boys .
do you get to travel often ?
i know that tom should do that inside .
he said that he needed a rest .
i know what time tom gets home .
tom is done here .
the reason i 'm here is because i was asked to come .
we usually just text .
i know tom does that as well as mary does .
tom and mary said they didn 't think john did that .
how do i know that you didn 't do it ?
sami decided to go shopping .
i knew tom would like mary .
i didn 't know that tom didn 't want to do that yesterday .
several birds were flying in the air .
it is hard to <unk> between the true and the false .
i hardly ever complain .
i love horses .
all of a sudden they stopped talking .
that 's why i think i 'll be chosen .
tom is asleep in his room , isn 't he ?
the older we get , the more we hear about things .
just because i 'm alone doesn 't mean i 'm lonely .
do we know who he is ?
for the past seven days , our entire computer <unk> has been down .
there must be some mistake .
her face turned red suddenly .
my studies are going okay .
tom doesn 't want to stay at home .
tom is good at <unk> , isn 't he ?
do you want me to show you the plan ?
it was four months ago that tom began to learn <unk> .
and what if your son was like that ?
tom has friends who can help mary .
i really didn 't say everything i said .
" a " is the first letter of the <unk> .
she said she thought she could win .
help me !
i was confused by the expression on her face .
tom doesn 't know what mary was going to do .
tom wants to be a professional musician .
i 'm not even tired .
aren 't you free tonight ?
i suggest you hide .
tom drinks two or three <unk> of coffee every day .
is that what tom would want ?
i 'll take good care of him .
i have some questions i 'd like to ask tom .
tom has been reading mary 's diary .
are there any <unk> you didn 't like as a child that you like now ?
there 's a young woman with tom .
this sentence is so hard to say .
i thought that you were going to come straight home .
the price is a little high for me .
tom and mary didn 't want anybody to do that for them .
we 're expecting tom to do that .
if you were a <unk> trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way , you 'd likely get caught .
have tom and mary finished yet ? what were they doing ?
there are few if any such kind men .
they took their socks off .
tom came up with some pretty good ideas .
mary hasn 't yet said what she plans to do .
i never thought it 'd be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen .
were you in australia with tom ?
would you like some more salt on your <unk> ?
i love her like a sister .
tom is hungry , but mary isn 't .
tom and mary said they 'd be here .
please stay as long as you want .
i didn 't know that what we were doing was illegal .
what makes you think tom has never done that ?
i got a traffic ticket .
you didn 't draw your dog well .
what have you told them ?
i didn 't take my umbrella with me .
great <unk> has voted to leave the european union .
i 've only lived in australia for three years .
i 'm getting a cat .
take the bus .
i have many regrets .
oh , i do wish i could go to france .
tom was nice to mary and her friends .
sami is dealing with very difficult problems .
they voted to create a committee .
they both look so sad .
how long 's tom been in australia ?
i am almost <unk> years old and i am still single .
she herself went there .
it was like a dream come true .
keep your hands off me .
tom has been to australia , but i haven 't .
do you know who that was ?
however , he was hurt when she quickly <unk> of the present .
the water turned into ice .
i told tom and mary that they shouldn 't eat raw pork .
i went to see tom in australia .
i would have been better off dead .
mary said she wished tom wouldn 't do that by himself .
fish do not have the brain development that is necessary for the <unk> experience of pain or any other type of <unk> .
you 'll have to pick up the check .
if anyone thinks differently , they surely do have a problem .
a side effect of the eye surgery is dry eyes .
are we going to be in boston next winter ?
we both did really well .
sami was holding a <unk> of flowers and a card in his hand .
tom can take his time . tell him there 's no need to hurry .
mary wished she hadn 't borrowed the book from tom .
sami was involved in this event .
i was given a scare by a doctor i <unk> for the tv program who warned me not to rest easy just because i had no allergic <unk> at the moment .
tom knows that he needs to do something , but he isn 't sure what .
tom told me he thought mary was interested .
i didn 't know tom would go to australia .
is tom really married to mary ?
they say that they lost their keys .
i think i 'll ask tom to help us weed the garden .
sami knew there was something in there .
the names of the students who failed in the examination were <unk> on the <unk> board .
you don 't need a lot .
i am sorry that my friend is not here .
do you like chocolate milk ?
i may take some smaller trip before then .
tom got a lot of presents on his birthday .
tom said that you need to go .
tom can 't change the way mary is , but that doesn 't stop him from trying .
the movie was like a bad but good <unk> short story .
who 'd like to go first ?
i understand you are going to spend your vacation in new zealand .
how many more weeks will it take tom to finish doing that ?
tom told everyone that he was glad that was going to happen .
i don 't really know where to go .
which house did you live in before ?
we recognized you .
our daughter <unk> a finger with a match .
i don 't intend to go there .
respect goes both ways .
tom will go to australia , i think .
tom is a fairly good french speaker .
i don 't think i could ever get used to this smell .
mary <unk> that she 'd made a mistake .
tom shouldn 't do that by himself .
what if i fail ?
" i 'm sorry . " " you think you can get away with it just by saying sorry ! ? "
i didn 't ask him to go there .
there is no turning back now .
i 'm getting rid of her .
tom doesn 't like to be the last one to do that .
she told me she 'd do that herself .
it is said that she looked after the <unk> .
tom is going to do everything he can to help mary find a job .
my playing is terrible .
tonight we have to eat dinner late because of the meeting .
i was born a year later .
she has to take a rest .
layla wanted to go park at the lake .
he has butter and cheese .
how did tom persuade mary to go to boston with him ?
all of tom 's toys are made of wood .
sami hates school .
these students work hard , but it 's not that much <unk> .
have you thought of <unk> the oil level ?
tom has lived in australia for over thirty years .
i just wish i knew why this keeps happening .
i still don 't like it .
how was the film you saw yesterday ?
tom often eats breakfast here .
there 's no way tom and mary could 've done what you said they did .
i doubt tom really has to do that right now .
tom can walk only if he has his <unk> .
tom has a good memory , too .
tom isn 't as tall as you are .
speaking of mary , i have not seen her for a long time .
sami got out of layla 's hair <unk> .
i don 't think that i 'll dance .
i 've got something to give you .
what did you do over spring break ?
tom and mary have no intention of doing what john told them they have to do .
you stopped it , didn 't you ?
tom said he thought mary hadn 't been impressed .
i 'd better tell him .
i could have done it faster by myself .
i didn 't think tom would be so miserable .
that wasn 't my object .
the crowd poured out through the gate .
tom said i didn 't sound optimistic .
who allowed her in ?
they said that they 'd be back soon .
sami was cold .
do you sell advance tickets here ?
tom really enjoys cooking .
i 'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was <unk> .
how much did it cost to get into the museum ?
i can 't give you that .
i intended to have been a teacher .
mary wears a <unk> , doesn 't she ?
i wasn 't sure if i should sit in the front or in the back .
i didn 't realize both tom and mary needed to do that .
mary would 've done that if she 'd really wanted to .
i 'd rather be a taxi driver than a truck driver .
is it ok if we begin ?
i 've made peace with my <unk> . i 'm ready to die .
don 't worry , mary , i 'll be <unk> .
we 've got a big job today .
tom put his lunch <unk> on the table .
tom and mary said they didn 't plan on going there by themselves .
we kiss our child a hundred times a day .
i 'm pretty sure tom 's prepared .
when i woke up , she was gone .
nothing can survive in there .
i can 't stay in bed for the entire <unk> .
i 'll let her know you 're here .
tom asked me if i had a sister .
i 've seen plenty of tom .
it took tom a long time to get over mary 's death .
i think i 'd be able to do that .
what made tom so mad ?
tom said that he 'd come to the wedding .
will mary be doing that by herself ?
tell me who 'll be there tomorrow .
tom doesn 't want me there .
i wonder whether tom and mary are reliable .
this story is for <unk> , so children won 't enjoy it .
i hate her parents .
when did he fall ill ?
oh , so you think you 're a tough guy , <unk> ?
tom said that he needed money .
you seem very nervous this morning .
i 'm sure tom won 't do that again .
based on what facts ?
we 've learned that 's ok .
tom was treated there .
tom said he 's always done that that way .
tom said he hoped that mary would be able to help us today .
few know the truth of the matter .
isn 't that what you always wanted ?
my parents don 't like my girlfriend .
i know now what we have to do .
even though tom and mary are twins , they don 't look very much <unk> .
mars is covered by a <unk> which has a lot of iron . the iron makes the planet look red .
if you 'd studied harder , you would 've passed the examination .
i have a cousin who lives in boston .
have you ever asked mary why she likes doing that ?
tom and mary started crying when their father <unk> them .
tom and mary have enough time to do that if they want to .
that 's not normal .
tom will probably be busy on october 20th .
why would you say that to me ?
tom and mary aren 't doing that because they don 't think they ought to .
he 's a football player .
why are you all so happy ?
mary looks busy , doesn 't she ?
i was mad .
she hit him .
we have the death <unk> for a reason .
i wasn 't surprised when tom told me that he needed to do that .
why were you in boston last week ?
what 's the story with tom ?
i know him only by name .
i thought you said tom would never hurt mary .
i don 't like it when it 's very hot .
i 'm doing it for you .
i 'm as old as tom .
everybody was safe .
tom says he knows you .
tom can play tennis very well .
mary didn 't tell tom about the job she 'd been offered .
have you waited for me long ?
it is our country .
you didn 't tell him , did you ?
thank you , tom , but i 'm okay now .
tom played the guitar and mary sang .
aren 't you planning to stay ?
i 'm wasting time .
if only i knew the answer now !
tom said he wished he hadn 't been there .
30 is the product of 3 times 10 .
i like two men .
sami isn 't learning anything .
tom is going to have to go there by himself .
mary had her fortune told .
do you know what that was all about ?
tom said that he remembered doing that .
tom <unk> that he thought it would be possible to do that .
i 'd rather leave the day after tomorrow .
tom has known mary since childhood .
they 're older than they look , aren 't they ?
i don 't think that tom really meant to do that this morning .
tom , i know that you 're there .
i 'm not convinced that tom is guilty .
where is the mistake ?
i wish tom would show me how to do that .
you didn 't seem angry .
fadil served two years in jail .
tom wasn 't home at the time .
i might not be in australia next week .
tom told us not to worry .
i like driving .
sami drove off .
i gave tom a hug .
that 's because they 're the <unk> places for ' something ' to appear . like the <unk> piano that plays by itself , the human <unk> model that <unk> by itself ...
you don 't have to stay in the hospital .
what 's the program for tomorrow ?
tom and i 'll go to australia with mary .
here is just like home , except for the heat .
that was what tom and mary said they wanted to do .
do good to them that hate you .
<unk> it 's not broken , it 's not necessary to fix it !
they kept me waiting for an hour .
i don 't know why i gave it to tom .
this is your friend 's car ?
i have a comfortable house .
when mary heard about what happened , she smiled .
they speak english a lot , especially the <unk> people .
i 'll let you know if it happens .
i think that tom needs to be told that .
i don 't have money , but i do have a dream !
tom and mary are arguing with each other .
look at it from a different point of view !
these are our kids .
where did tom meet your father ?
it was so noisy there that i couldn 't make myself heard .
the one is the beginning of all things .
that guy over there dressed in black is tom .
it 's a pity that i don 't understand english well .
tom told his boss that mary wouldn 't be coming to work that day .
excuse me , sorry <unk> , you haven 't got the time have you ?
tom must 've been very scared .
tom will likely be jealous .
i 'm tired of watching television .
tom has been doing a good job .
i guess we 're finished .
he asked for a drink of water .
tom and mary broke up last weekend .
they could hardly believe their ears .
if tom and mary are going , i 'm going , too .
sami and layla built a happy life together .
hard work really does pay off .
you should buy yourself something to eat .
let 's send for the doctor .
he took the job for the sake of his career but he didn 't like it .
tom and mary said they 'll help us any way they can .
she 's able to walk on her hands .
there 's something i want you to hear .
why is she doing this to me ?
it would be foolish to choose otherwise .
tom told mary that she should quit pretending to be divorced .
you should 've stayed in the hospital .
it 's not good for business .
begin to change this .
tom told me mary wouldn 't do that again .
may i eat something ?
tom is retired already , isn 't he ?
sami wrote the message .
she liked him right off .
i took no count of what he said .
we should be there helping you .
i can at least take them home .
sami 's reputation was ruined .
this is obviously a waste of time .
i don 't think we have any choice but to do that .
let me get the manager for you .
please say that again .
layla 's mom was her best friend .
i know tom knew why mary didn 't do that yesterday .
are you certain that that 's what you want ?
my oldest brother is single .
sami is my pride and joy .
take any two cards you like .
your son must be quite tall by now .
tom had barely enough to eat .
you live with your parents , right ?
tom said that nobody was fired .
i 'm very happy in boston .
have you been living in australia long ?
tom and mary said they had something important to ask john .
what a fool i was to do such a thing !
i suffered a lot with this news .
tom must 've done that .
thanks a lot for having warned me !
mary is getting worse , isn 't she ?
i have a special relationship with my aunt .
but that 's not the real problem .
are tom and mary both still studying french ?
we are not afraid !
i don 't plan to do that until tom and mary tell me to .
after high school , he went to college and studied to be a minister , like his father .
tom must not laugh .
i 'm dying to go to boston .
don 't tell anybody else what i just told you .
he 's certain to succeed .
and do you know them by face ?
tom and mary 's father made them practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes .
does tom know where you used to live ?
i think tom is nervous .
she is well able to read .
tom said he might do that .
tom has accepted that .
i think that we could do more .
i 've learned that the hard way .
i 'll do that for you if you want me to .
why don 't you give your seat to that old gentleman ?
she didn 't know what she was doing .
i 'm not prepared to do that yet .
sami will have his revenge .
tom showed me how to do a card trick .
why didn 't you ever tell me ?
what do you think , miss west ?
it looks like tom decided to stay .
dan prefers to translate his own sentences .
sami made me not like him even more .
what 's been going on here for the last three hours ?
i will never break the law again .
tom is the person i saw yesterday .
two years ago i went to china .
i 'm studying french at home .
he left here a few days ago .
i don 't want to hear anything more about tom .
i thought you said you 'd never done that before .
they realized they might be late .
tom and mary said they didn 't think john did that very often .
sami offered to pay layla to take his <unk> .
tom and mary asked john to help them .
could you please speak more quietly ? i am <unk> .
you 're bad .
do you want to play with me ?
tom doesn 't trust anyone except mary .
tom is probably sleeping now .
did you live here before ?
tom is too smart for that .
mary told tom why she enjoyed doing that .
she said she didn 't feel anything .
she was single all her life .
take good care of yourself .
tom explained his position to mary .
mary stole money from her roommate .
what makes you think i wouldn 't enjoy that ?
mary will be really disappointed , won 't she ?
tom fell asleep right away .
it is common for children to cause trouble .
tom asked me where my parents lived .
sami was haunted by that .
i don 't think that you should go there by yourselves .
you 're the only person i know here in australia .
please come in and have a seat .
i knew i might need to do that by myself .
how 's the weather out there ?
i couldn 't persuade tom to help us .
tom hasn 't come home yet , has he ?
sami loved that thing .
his failure has nothing to do with me .
he really knows his stuff .
either he or i have to attend the <unk> .
<unk> ? maybe . chess ? probably . go is much more complex than either . go is my game . always 10 steps ahead of your <unk> or you have no shot .
tom is sitting on the sofa , reading a magazine .
tom <unk> out the towel and hung it up to dry .
it 's not safe to swim in that river .
" i hope you don 't mind . " " not at all . "
did tom find anything ?
we 'll be home at about <unk> : 00 .
i wonder whether tom knew that mary couldn 't do that by herself .
i 've got two books .
i didn 't stop tom .
i had nothing to lose .
tom started screaming again .
her english was much better than tom 's .
hello ? are you still there ?
i never really asked mary what she thought .
you might be the only one here who can speak french .
tom found a few <unk> on the floor .
i didn 't know how to swim very well .
i knew tom didn 't do it .
tom and his three sons go camping every weekend in the summer .
tom didn 't charge me anything for doing that .
facebook helps us get through difficult times , such as when we are unemployed .
he said he wouldn 't help me .
tom has given me a lot of things .
sami thanked his friends for their love and support .
i 'm a japanese teacher .
i don 't think there 's any point in <unk> this today .
he wanted me to visit him .
three days later , we were back in <unk> street together .
tom will always find something to <unk> about .
tom and mary will probably never see each other again .
fishing is not permitted in this river .
i don 't think tom and mary have <unk> insurance .
sami wants layla to work for him tonight .
i wonder if tom regrets what he did .
tom has always been easy to get along with .
he entered the bank <unk> as a guard .
tom is an adult now .
mary said she could do that , but she actually couldn 't .
how many have died in gods name ?
tom is still waiting for mary to do what she 's been asked to do .
someone like you can change the world .
why didn 't you go after them ?
i want to be near you .
tom 's trip turned into a <unk> when his passport and credit cards were stolen .
we think tom might be in australia .
i never let anyone come into my apartment .
the walls were black with smoke damage .
tom and i probably won 't be able to solve that problem by ourselves .
have tom and mary already been here ?
sami has been here for a few weeks .
he loves her .
any book will do , so long as it is interesting .
without water , we can not survive .
tell me what tom wanted .
i have done all of my homework and i 'd like to take a short break .
a <unk> crowd was there to watch the final .
i 'll show you what to do next .
tom didn 't seem concerned at all .
i thought mary would love the gift tom gave her .
sami will see you soon .
i told you to keep that to yourself .
tom seems puzzled .
he was foolish enough to believe it .
she figured she couldn 't afford it .
the game was not exciting at all .
were tom and mary sleeping ?
have you ever added an article to <unk> ?
sami is very nice .
i think tom and mary are still worried .
tom wondered what mary had been thinking about .
sami dropped off his kids at the church .
sami 's body was <unk> by some evil spirit .
i miss you very much .
tom said he regrets doing that .
tom still doesn 't speak much french .
take my hand . i want to show you something .
tom and his friends play <unk> almost every friday night .
that 's a pretty <unk> joke . did you come up with it yourself ?
later , those from many other countries <unk> to the united states because they were attracted by <unk> of great economic <unk> and religious and political freedom .
trust is risk , and risk <unk> is the name of the game in business .
we played a lot of games at the party .
we 'd like to speak with you .
i prefer spanish men to english .
you will succeed in this .
how long does it take to get there by bus ?
tom admitted that he was sick .
tom did that a lot better than i could 've .
it 's important to <unk> roses at least twice a year , to <unk> healthy plants and <unk> the number and quality of flowers .
tom cooked all his own meals .
tom won 't come . he 's too busy .
does tom plan on doing that with mary ?
it 's already stopped .
it would probably be safe to do that by yourself .
the world is full of dumb people .
the doctor made his patient relax before the operation .
tom is staying at the same hotel where i 'm staying .
you 'll help tom and mary do that if they ask you to , won 't you ?
tom and mary are both teachers , aren 't they ?
can you tell me what happened ?
go straight ahead along this street .
didn 't you used to be tom 's girlfriend ?
tom never hit me .
i can 't believe tom and mary are both still single .
why hasn 't this land been developed ?
just tell him the truth .
tom and mary never should 've tried traveling together .
what would you like to be when you grow up ?
tom can stay .
tom could 've been finished doing that by 2 : 30 if he 'd worked a little faster .
tell them what you want .
she has her mother 's eyes .
tom and mary said they weren 't worried about that .
one sunday morning george burst into the living room and said this .
i 'm pretty heartbroken right now .
this won 't win you any <unk> points .
not for all the tea in china !
the door of the office is yellow .
perhaps tom is reading a novel .
you had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other .
tom doesn 't think that 's such a big deal .
mary said she didn 't think tom was asleep .
you promised that you 'd do that .
sami 's <unk> is only twenty minutes from layla 's home .
is it ok if i go over to tom 's house to play ?
sami wanted layla to meet his daughter .
why did you poison us ?
tom and mary took the largest apples for themselves .
tom never said anything to anybody .
sami had a very heavy bag .
i haven 't done anything wrong .
i 'm going to do that the way you showed me .
i could get punished if i didn 't do that .
sami said a little boy lived in his closet . in fact , this was his <unk> friend .
i 'm not angry about it .
" how is the weather ? " " it 's cold outside . " " yes , and it 's starting to rain . "
he finally decided to try .
this is a beautiful story .
tom has agreed to do as you suggested .
mary bought some bread .
he said more than he had intended .
i know that tom is a <unk> . why don 't we see if he wants to join our band ?
i just don 't want to go to jail .
mary admitted she wasn 't the one who actually did that .
sami saw layla 's car pull up .
tom 's party was kind of fun , actually .
tom said you were here .
she asked for a picture .
he 's a practical man .
that 's what the law says .
i missed my chance to do that .
tom said he had been busy .
i 'd like to know which he likes .
what exactly is it that you 're asking me to do ?
mary said that she wasn 't in boston .
i don 't think i have to explain that to tom .
i suggest you ignore it .
tom doesn 't want any part of this .
i didn 't think i would be here .
i know a faster way to get there .
my alarm clock didn 't go off this morning , so i missed my bus .
mary doesn 't think tom will permit her to do that .
that tv is huge .
mary doesn 't need to do that if she doesn 't want to .
tom told mary not to go there alone .
thanks , the same to you !
you are exactly like your mother .
you didn 't drink that , did you ?
the boys fought over her .
tom said he could do it .
i 'm extremely busy right now .
hey , i want to help you .
he survived the plane crash .
i talked a long time , and i managed to make her believe me .
i enjoy watching children play .
i don 't like square dancing .
did tom try ?
it could have been any one of us .
tom told me that i should go to australia .
would you like to play with us , tom ?
tom wants to see that .
and that 's when he kissed her .
which guitar do you play the most often ?
we are even .
i wonder whether tom knew mary needed to do that today .
tom is in high school now .
i wasn 't allowed to do that .
she forgot about me in her anger .
he <unk> in me about his love affair .
i didn 't know tom knew why mary kept doing that even though he 'd asked her not to .
tom has been living in australia for a long time .
i didn 't eat it .
is the nearest post office far from here ?
sami knows this shit .
please don 't leave me .
i hope to be home by 2 : 30 .
the queen must die .
who created the universe ?
tom said you wouldn 't let him in .
mary told me she 'd go to australia .
you don 't have to tell the truth all the time .
i will do my best to finish it .
sami didn 't want to get layla in trouble .
sami was visiting layla every day .
i think it 's too cold to swim .
sami was a government <unk> with six kids .
he makes everything worth it !
why isn 't tom in the car ?
what in the world got into you ?
i don 't know what tom 's <unk> size is .
he said nobody else could help him .
tom and mary were hungry .
he knew hardly any books , but he had <unk> far , had seen much of the world .
i 'm sure we 'll be safe here .
if you put your mind in your sword , your mind will be taken by your sword .
tom and mary said they were told to do that again .
i knew tom told mary he wasn 't going to do that .
sami 's arabic isn 't <unk> this bad .
what is the best way of getting food into the mouth ?
it 's obvious that you like her .
she said that she wasn 't surprised .
tom is happy traveling by himself .
i don 't understand and i 'm not used to not understanding . please explain it once more .
mary says she also wants to do that .
tom doesn 't know that mary is canadian .
i missed you a lot while you were in boston .
i want that later .
he was a bright little fellow of <unk> .
tom made us lunch .
i 'd like to talk to tom myself .
isn 't there a chance that tom is doing that ?
tom still has an edge .
what are you looking for in my room ?
i 'd like to buy this doll .
you can 't easily put photos on an <unk> from more than one computer . however , you can email photos to yourself from various computers and <unk> these photos to your <unk> .
they aren 't fast enough , are they ?
the story was so funny that i split my sides .
i eat and drink .
let 's cook dinner together .
he asked whether he was rich .
thanks for your invitation to the party .
mary said she 'd call you .
you are her daughters .
we were absent .
tom wasn 't so sure himself .
tom hasn 't yet been told not do that .
tom clearly doesn 't want this job .
sami is the " sami " from facebook .
it is hardly <unk> to me that he will fail .
he slowly finished the race .
i 'm very skeptical about that .
did you do all this ?
they climbed all the day to find the source of the river .
" i should be most happy to go down with you if i should not be in the way , " said i .
try to look busy .
tom stayed in boston over the weekend .
didn 't you see them at dinner ?
death is a sad matter , but life goes on .
were we supposed to ignore tom ?
you wouldn 't have liked me the way i was three years ago .
which do you like better , physics or <unk> ?
i took a risk when i made the <unk> .
tom is currently in australia .
we 're here because we 're poor .
tom ran down the street , half naked .
don 't let anyone open the windows .
this is what we call " <unk> " .
we are going to have a storm .
i think tom isn 't a very good cook .
tom had an operation last week .
tom and mary said they 'd rather go home .
tom is here because of me .
people die every day .
sami enjoyed his job .
he was born in a small town in italy .
i didn 't expect to succeed , but <unk> i managed to carry it off .
the car drove away .
she refused to believe it .
i hope tom will like australia .
i wish you a long and happy married life .
i can 't tell you exactly what 's going on .
i know that you don 't like tom as much as you like mary .
tom was the only person who got injured .
accept it or not , this is a <unk> view .
tom didn 't leave .
did you know that i was going to get fired ?
i was asked to help tom .
tom and mary say they finished doing that .
tom knows he 's got some <unk> to do .
there are a great many people in the park .
tom and mary didn 't speak to each other .
it 's a shame tom had to work and couldn 't go camping with us .
i admit i was mistaken .
tom said he didn 't think mary was busy .
i just wish we could go back .
tom always gets home before 2 : 30 .
many people do not trust the government .
that 's really fortunate .
i 'll send you a copy .
i was surprised that tom didn 't need to do that with us .
do you think i don 't know what i 'm doing ?
he can ski just as well as his brother .
are you sure tom went to australia ?
tom and mary played games on their <unk> all morning .
he 'll lend you his book .
which horse did you bet on ?
tom and mary have assured me that they 'll do that .
i think tom is afraid of snakes .
tom told me that his dog died .
her face <unk> as he sang to her .
i received a letter which was written by her .
tom says you don 't want to go to boston with us .
it happens a lot .
i 'm late with my period .
don 't touch the goods .
i need to ask tom about how to get to his house .
tom and mary are very similar to each other .
just don 't tell anyone .
she never reads .
there 's nothing like doing it yourself !
dance !
tom said mary could 've gotten home by herself .
tom does things that i won 't do .
i 'm very grateful for everything you 've done for me .
you didn 't know tom could do that , did you ?
it 's a public safety concern .
i think tom was the one who cut down those trees .
mary said she thought tom would need to do that .
he makes a living as a writer .
i will make a new suit for you .
but did they watch the match ?
did tom study for today 's test ?
i was very jealous .
i could have helped you with your exam , but you didn 't want me to .
as i said before .
you should go back there .
tom has been in boston for three years .
both of us will be in australia for a while .
we can 't stay here any longer .
i think you might be able to help me .
tom doesn 't know the rules yet .
actually , it 's hard to explain .
i wish i hadn 't told tom that i was going to do that .
i asked tom to come over .
tom has told you about what happened , hasn 't he ?
we should 've been more careful .
he had his own way over everything .
sami made the whole thing up .
at what point do we start to worry ?
i 'd like to part with her if i could .
let 's schedule it for some other time .
are we going to see you here next summer ?
i suspect that tom is home .
i must have my bicycle repaired .
sami hired a private detective .
tom 's children can 't speak french .
mary told me yesterday that she 'd do that tomorrow .
tom and mary have several canadian friends .
why don 't you learn french ?
nothing has been done yet .
tom said he thought that mary might not be allowed to do that again .
i didn 't know that you were planning to do that before you went home today .
i played tennis .
tom went to see mary three days after that .
would you like for me to explain it to you ?
that 's why we 're doing what we 're doing .
i don 't want to know that kind of story .
i have work for her .
i know what tom and mary are up to .
have you found a job ?
come on , tom .
tom and mary are going to have to have their house painted next month .
that 's not a death star . it 's a breakfast <unk> .
i knew you 'd be thrilled .
don 't you understand yet ?
she 's giving blood to save her brother .
please don 't sign the contract .
tom isn 't a very good basketball player .
i don 't think tom knows that i love him .
she told me that she 'd help us .
i knew tom wasn 't really going to do that .
we have to get out of here right now .
tom jackson is one of the best <unk> in australia .
sami didn 't tell anyone .
i had trouble opening the window .
i 'm sick and tired of his story .
good night , mom .
i want to be in your plan .
she began to gain weight .
that suit is too good for me .
it seemed like a long time .
is there still time to do that ?
he did all he could to protect his son .
i thought i heard somebody enter the room .
tom said that mary wasn 't working anymore .
who gave her that black eye ?
it 's good to hear your voice again .
check to make sure everything is correct .
tom and mary weren 't sure which one they should buy .
this is being reported . i 'm not sure if we can believe that .
it sounds like tom and mary are going to boston .
she advised him to take a long holiday , so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world .
don 't even say that as a joke .
mary drove her kids to school .
tom checked the oil .
why exactly do you need this ?
you like to <unk> birds , don 't you ?
tom didn 't stay there long .
do you have a blue coat ?
this rose smells sweet .
i heard that tom and mary aren 't very good at doing that .
tom told mary that he didn 't believe in <unk> .
it 's my mistake , not yours .
here 's the answer .
we 're home now .
maybe you can help me .
i don 't believe anything you say .
i don 't know how much time you 'll need to do that .
she looks after them .
the next morning found him traveling by bus .
tom said that mary was likely to be right .
tom said that mary didn 't study french .
tom and mary have no idea what they 're doing .
i 've already asked tom to stop doing that .
they were serious , weren 't they ?
i don 't think tom knows what 's bothering mary .
write your name in pencil .
a lot has changed since the <unk> , although long hair has still not quite gone out of fashion .
tom said mary thought that john might want to do that this evening .
tom thought that mary would be alone .
how pretty she looks in her new dress !
did i tell you i saw a big <unk> in the kitchen ?
i wish that i had gone to australia with tom .
tom and mary knew that they 'd be busy on monday .
in my opinion , you 're beautiful .
we had our reasons .
why do have a picture of tom in your wallet ?
sami and layla have been on and off for six months .
she knew the number .
i hope you get a chance to come to australia .
the boy , it turns out , has already <unk> .
maybe you know where my books are ?
the view is amazing .
tom said he 's hesitant to do that .
i didn 't realize you were canadian .
i hate doing this stuff .
tom is sitting at his desk .
will you draw me a map to show me the way to the station ?
the water is in the bottle .
if it rains tomorrow , there will be no <unk> .
tom thought that mary was annoyed .
you will speak when spoken to .
you always called me from her house .
never buy anything from tom .
you can 't trust anyone .
be polite to everyone .
read as many books as possible .
i 'm impatient for spring to arrive .
we need to back off .
she likes these cats .
sami was killed with a sharp object .
buy me an apartment .
do you believe that people are capable of change ?
i 've been meaning to tell you .
tom and mary said they 'd be leaving soon .
it occurred to me that i should keep the news to myself .
why should i hire you ?
how many more years will it take you to do that ?
sami believed layla was safe .
i don 't think tom knows why it happened .
i 'm hope somebody will help me do that .
mary says she thinks it won 't be possible to do that .
tom asked us to help mary .
there 's a place down the road that 's pretty good .
i don 't think that tom noticed that .
get a move on !
all of us are working on the case .
that mouse is expensive .
i think it 's time for tom to go .
tom and i seldom disagree .
sami was slow .
she told me she wanted a lawyer .
even if he 's very nice , i don 't really trust him .
i don 't think that i 'm <unk> .
tom told me he thought mary was depressed .
who was this done by ?
mary has to learn to think for herself .
i hope tom and mary don 't get sick .
tom wondered how good a singer mary really was .
sami still acted like he was in high school .
tom was drinking at a bar with mary at the time the police think that john was murdered .
everyone was fighting .
tom and mary told me that they <unk> with each other .
he gave me clothes as well as food .
mary said that she wasn 't nervous .
tom said that he didn 't think that mary really had to do that .
he says he 's never coming back .
don 't get on this train .
tom doesn 't care how much money mary has .
this is where we both belong .
everybody needed to do that .
tom could have been the one responsible for what happened .
tom doesn 't know that i 'm here .
it looks like rain .
hey , listen to this .
mary took her children on a camping trip .
tom has been badly beaten .
he has a black shirt .
my answer is still yes .
they 're too generous with their money .
tom called mary to say that he 'd be late .
you must learn how to do that .
tom said that his father worked in boston .
she was <unk> to take something out of the oven .
i 'll get rid of her .
she could not hear what i was saying .
i hope tom isn 't embarrassed .
tom will need to do that sooner or later .
it won 't take us long .
it would be good for tom to get a little more exercise .
i didn 't have the courage to tell her the fact .
i study french with tom three times each week .
i consider her to be an honest woman .
the <unk> wise man shared his knowledge with all the young .
he 's very generous , so let 's go with him .
i spent the rest of the night with her .
i know that tom wasn 't finished doing that .
tom gets up at six .
i think you should leave tom alone .
i want to hang myself .
has tom been fired ?
it can be yours , for the right price .
take a right , and it 's the last house on your right .
i don 't think tom has as many friends as i do .
tom and i started walking .
i don 't know why i should do that .
tom is the only one who 's doing that .
why are you <unk> ? you 've done nothing wrong .
the restaurant was empty .
tom asked his friends if they that thought mary liked him .
they 've been damaged .
you should smile more .
who was driving ?
i want to learn how to fly an airplane .
i need to learn french .
i sentence you to ten years .
i 've been to boston .
tom and mary said they 'd be here tonight .
do you want me to help them ?
what size cake do you need ?
tom will regret doing that .
my mom is worried .
i would have liked to study at the university .
she said she isn 't hungry .
tom insisted he wasn 't the one who did that .
one sees clearly only with the heart . what is essential is <unk> to the eye .
we got out of bed early on christmas morning .
sami and layla hit their year mark .
can you translate a love letter ?
can 't you see what we 're doing ?
first , you must last .
she married young .
i 'm sorry that i didn 't help you do that .
what are you worried about , anyway ?
he ran his fingers through her hair .
my grandmother cooked a big turkey .
tom still needs work .
how old is that hat ?
i studied in boston for three years .
i should have recognized you .
the future does not belong to the <unk> , it belongs to the brave .
i wonder if you can really try .
oh well , everyone makes mistakes .
i need information about tom .
i can 't help thinking of the future .
we have other things we should be doing .
it cost him five pounds to buy it back .
he hasn 't packed his suitcase yet .
sami had a number of <unk> when he was married to layla .
tom is still somewhere in the building .
a good-looking horse may sometimes break down .
tom would never kill anyone .
tom can 't fix what 's broken .
sami started to accept it .
something wrong was going on .
tom thinks that mary needs to be more careful .
he looks like he 's a bit tired .
when my dad finds out , he won 't be happy .
i believe in magic .
tom had planned for this .
did you fall from the sky ?
when i first took a <unk> course , i couldn 't understand a single thing explained in class . thank god i got a friend of mine who 's a <unk> to explain to me how the whole <unk> works .
tom may have missed the bus he was planning to catch .
fadil wanted to be close to his job .
tom wants to study french with a native speaker .
we all know that tom can 't swim as well as mary can .
when did you paint this ?
tom has no desire to go to boston .
i don 't think i should do that .
they changed the system .
i 've been trying to convince tom to move to australia .
i want your opinion .
he told me that he was healthy .
there were some guests waiting in the drawing room .
he <unk> for a learned man in our community .
my friend should be home now .
aren 't you from boston ?
the man had something under his coat .
you speak french very well .
you should probably tell tom and mary they don 't have to do that today .
did you learn that speech by heart ?
tom doesn 't want to take that kind of risk .
have you ever been in australia ?
sami didn 't like being treated that way .
it 'll cost $ 300 to fix it .
tom said it wouldn 't be easy to do that .
tom refused mary 's offer to drive him home .
i know that tom doesn 't play the <unk> as well as mary does .
tom said that he could do that today .
tom never saw her again .
you look like you 're going to <unk> .
the dog is injured .
tom is wearing the black coat he bought last week .
what do you want her for ?
tom said that he will call you later .
we have no plan .
it 's just starting to get light outside .
<unk> is not as close to france as spain .
who did tom ask to help mary ?
tom fell asleep on the couch while watching tv .
tom had barely taken his coat off when they started asking questions .
it 's dark in this room .
what makes him hated ?
she looks like she 's exhausted .
tom comes from a good family .
tom really has to buy a new set of <unk> .
could i go play after reading this book ?
they are in their seats at the table .
tom is a lazy dog .
tom will talk to mary about that .
tom was here before i was .
sami 's friends were there .
i dare say you are right .
tom says he 's not planning on doing that anymore .
i hated history class .
mary said tom thought she was the only one who had to do that .
she isn 't as naive as she used to be .
you knew that i 'd do that , didn 't you ?
have you ever even met him ?
tom is capable of almost anything .
it is foolish to fear what you cannot avoid .
" <unk> " is a man 's name but " <unk> " is a lady 's name .
tom should go to australia with you .
i can 't just leave .
magic <unk> are lies that the audience knows are lies .
we have to stock up for the winter .
that 's what i thought you meant .
tom thought that mary might be allowed to do that by herself .
mary said she 's supportive .
don 't repeat yourself .
tom wasn 't watching tv .
when did the war end ?
i know tom will change .
where are you working ?
sami and layla shared information .
i didn 't do what tom and mary said they wanted me to do .
please get me a pretty girl .
land <unk> about 30 percent of the surface of the earth .
tom isn 't sure what time the meeting is .
no matter what you say , i am convinced that i am right .
tom says he isn 't hungry yet .
i need to buy a gift for him .
tom is still out of town , isn 't he ?
i 'm not sure that i want the job .
no matter .
tom spilled wine on his shirt .
this would never happen in boston .
i don 't think that tom will have to do that alone .
he used to work there .
tom won 't have to hide any longer .
sami was calling layla every name in the book .
i wanted to hug her .
the police have taken over .
is the manager a manager ?
it 's going to stop <unk> sooner or later .
tom threw a cup of cold water on mary 's face to wake her up .
i still don 't have to do that .
tom might be jealous .
after a bit of <unk> , i found the right key .
mary said that she would do it again .
this work must be finished by monday .
he got the highest grade on the exam .
i think we should ask tom where he wants to live .
bob must have had an accident .
why didn 't they appear ?
tom talked mary into buying a new computer .
i haven 't heard of him since then .
tom admitted he broke the vase .
tom trusted them .
tom said he didn 't like mary 's dress .
i 'm glad you told me about her .
there 's no way to <unk> what 'll happen .
are you homesick ?
tom put his keys on the <unk> table .
deal me in .
why don 't you tell them that ?
she 's as clever as they make ' <unk> .
i don 't think you 're doing that correctly .
let 's get tom something useful for christmas .
tom wrote his name on every dirty car <unk> in the parking lot .
call off your dogs .
i didn 't jump into the pool . i was pushed .
what 's your favorite kind of music ?
you 're afraid of the truth .
if i could , i would let every <unk> bird fly free .
i just told mary that i wanted to help her clean the garage .
tom won 't be able to see everything that he wants to see .
i didn 't think i 'd be late .
tom clearly succeeded .
there 's no reason for that .
mary planned on doing that by herself .
tom thinks we can 't do that .
can you really blame tom for <unk> mary over alice ?
size doesn 't matter .
would you mind telling me what you 're waiting for ?
jane <unk> that she was telling the truth .
how many sandwiches do you want ?
tom knew that something good was about to happen .
you 're the very person i 've been looking for .
mary is still staring at me , isn 't she ?
tom is beginning to get discouraged .
the door opened slowly .
you don 't really think tom would do that , do you ?
mary thought that tom would be too busy to help her .
the police arrested tom in october .
which number should i call in an accident ?
do you still have family in boston ?
tom couldn 't believe that mary was still hungry .
i sleep pretty well .
mary said she wanted to be early .
mary told me she 's through doing that .
how many planets are there ?
i didn 't think tom was downstairs .
i 'm not going to take it .
these shoes have lasted one year .
i 'd like you to meet my son .
he worked for a rich man .
he said that he would come back here tomorrow .
i 'll follow you wherever you go .
it doesn 't matter to me how tom does that .
tom said he thought i might be permitted to do that today .
tom and mary taught their children how to sing several french songs .
tom is the only one who thinks it 's a good idea to do that .
tom will take his sister to the party .
please tell tom what you think he should do .
he turned into the <unk> <unk> , ordered the best <unk> and his favourite dinner ; for now that he had so much money he was really rich .
tom said that he wasn 't happy here in boston .
please step back and keep behind the line .
thank you so very much .
his explanation didn 't come across well .
i have as many books as he does .
tom didn 't need to tell mary about what had happened . she already knew .
even i can do something as simple as that .
tom isn 't <unk> , but mary is .
tom was heartbroken when mary told him that she was leaving him .
she lost her job three months ago .
sami hasn 't worked at a restaurant for years .
tom decided to ski , rather than <unk> .
i know what you mean .
tom didn 't know that mary was going to do that yesterday morning .
is tom allergic to peanuts ?
i don 't have classes .
as a secretary , he can easily <unk> that .
the <unk> is the wild card , ok ?
sami was <unk> , to say the least .
tom said he wanted a good job .
it 'll be hard to do that that way .
layla had thirty minutes to arrive there .
tom was <unk> a song his mother had taught him .
i really appreciate what you 've done .
which high school are you visiting ?
tom isn 't a thief .
the time for <unk> has gotten earlier , hasn 't it ?
tom had a silly look on his face .
this time , when he went into the hospital , he finally understood that one 's health is really the most important thing of all .
we tried store after store , but were unable to find what we wanted .
i didn 't think that would <unk> tom .
tom is living in boston now .
the <unk> is the natural not yet understood .
tom didn 't have a place to live .
tom knows who stole your car .
i threw one .
i didn 't get here until after dark .
tom hasn 't done that yet .
he finds it very hard to do without <unk> for a day .
tom may be doing that .
i don 't think tom and mary know they shouldn 't be doing that here .
tom should have known .
do you want to give it a try ?
maybe a few of them are good people , but the majority are <unk> .
i thought he wouldn 't recognize her .
you 're the tallest boy in our class .
i still hate getting up in the morning .
he said he didn 't study french .
tom <unk> mary on how nice she looked .
i 'm good at getting tom to do what i want him to do .
sami finished watching the videos .
tom has offered to drive us home .
she loved everything about him .
tom went to visit his sister in boston .
tom told me that he wasn 't upset .
tom likes climbing trees .
this won 't be a safe place for a while .
what kind of test is that ?
you don 't seem to like me anymore .
both tom and mary left at the same time .
i wish i were a good singer .
want to go <unk> a bite to eat ?
you did an awesome job .
translate this sentence .
when i had five <unk> , on the average i 'd get three eggs a day .
is that important or new what you have just said ?
i 'm happy just to be near you .
aren 't you going to kiss me goodbye ?
just a moment . i haven 't finished yet .
tom didn 't have anyone to play with .
they 're going to show us the documents .
i didn 't know that tom might be able to do that .
only one who has worked hard during the day can become famous <unk> .
tom and mary told me about what they saw .
that 's foolish .
i think it 's time for me to clean the garage .
i 've still got work to do .
did tom find anybody to help him ?
you have the right to do whatever you want .
i quickly ate my lunch and then got back to work .
each floor of the house is made of wood .
tom reached in his pocket and pulled out some money .
i want you to <unk> up her pictures .
i wish you 'd quit doing what you 're doing .
three people were killed in the accident .
i had a new teacher at school .
tom won 't be coming back here .
i 'll buy the tickets tomorrow .
anyway , you 're wrong .
the doctor continued to <unk> the patient 's behavior .
what degree of interest did he show ?
i know there are others .
he came near to being run over .
tom and mary often read when they 're waiting for people .
tom is still very angry .
she told me that she was going home .
why didn 't i listen to you !
i wonder if she will marry him .
which do you like better : music class or english class ?
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was insane .
she was wearing a strange hat .
who was the girl you were talking to ?
why are you wearing tom 's clothes ?
tom doesn 't want to escape .
tom is going to try to win .
tom would have been able to do it .
how can i see it , when it 's over there , and i 'm way over here ?
income from this source is free of <unk> .
tom said that he didn 't know where mary was planning on going .
i never go to church .
she ate the whole cake by herself .
tom said that he didn 't want to go to boston with us .
" it was boring , " tom added .
i don 't think tom knows that mary shouldn 't do that .
do you really think i 'm selfish ?
i would like some sugar .
tom said that he thought it might happen in boston , too .
<unk> at any rate is not to blame .
i 'm trying to find a lawyer to handle my case .
i don 't fear death , but dying .
we lost track of time .
what are we going to do with it ?
i like tom 's attitude .
tom is probably going to do that again tomorrow .
we were unable to finish our homework in time .
try to open the door .
tom is a talented singer .
please take charge of this key .
when was this novel published ?
sami was fired .
personally , i don 't think it makes any difference who <unk> the election .
i 'm capable of anything .
i try to help tom every chance that i get .
she is no more careful than her mother is .
tom sang mary the song he wrote for her .
i have the answer .
sami was too polite .
you 've made us proud .
i wish i hadn 't kissed tom .
they said they 're not sleepy .
i didn 't know tom knew why mary had to do that by herself .
tom said he wouldn 't mind waiting for us .
tom doesn 't want to marry me .
tom is very discouraged .
i feel a little better now after crying all i had .
you didn 't know tom would do that so well , did you ?
i never should 've kissed tom 's girlfriend .
i know that tom isn 't a very good <unk> .
i don 't know why you don 't like me .
you 'd better hide somewhere .
they still hope that they can win .
i wasn 't as drunk as tom and mary were .
i like your books .
she hasn 't taken her pills .
something 's wrong with my camera .
that <unk> was one of the best i ever had .
they were very glad to please them , but they danced to please themselves ( or at least you would have supposed so ) ; and you could no more help <unk> , than they could help dancing .
i didn 't think you 'd really do that .
tom suggested that the meeting be <unk> until next monday .
i don 't care what you do with it .
no one 's standing in front of the entrance .
i wish tom had been here today .
tom and john both moved to australia with their <unk> .
she answered that she would visit me .
i thought tom would appreciate the gift from mary .
i knew i 'd find the two of you together .
" look but don 't touch " , says the fruit <unk> .
i wasn 't able to stay in australia as long as i 'd planned to .
who does tom plan to go swimming with ?
have you decided what to do next sunday ?
exactly six years ago i first came to new zealand .
tom will fight .
i think that tom is the only one here who doesn 't know how to do that .
she put on her new dress for the party .
mary promised me she 'd do that for me .
tom , <unk> some of us , is pretty good at doing that .
tom knows that won 't work .
your ideas are different from mine .
has anyone asked mary why she did that ?
i have one brother and two sisters .
go back in there .
can you help me get started ?
i feel ready for the challenge .
i 'm not hiding the truth from them .
tom and mary came here to enjoy themselves .
you seem convinced that tom wants to do that .
do you have an umbrella ?
tom is single and has never been married .
tom and mary both studied french at the same university in boston .
what else are you working on ?
i don 't want to be alone again .
tom wasn 't very drunk .
maybe someone here can help us find tom 's house .
don 't argue with me .
mary didn 't like <unk> when she was a child .
let 's move back to australia .
do you mean that you didn 't actually see tom ?
i know tom didn 't know you couldn 't do that .
tom ordered another drink .
i know that tom and mary have been injured .
better drop by his <unk> if you have time .
we 're just hoping for some luck .
are we allowed to disagree with you ?
i 've decided to start looking for a new job .
i thought that i had a month to finish this .
mary said she 'd try to make it to our party tonight .
tom and mary are lying to us .
i was absent from school because i was sick .
tom didn 't know he needed to do that .
i think that tom didn 't want to do that .
mary said she wasn 't planning on doing that .
was anybody else there ?
i know that tom knew why i was planning to do that next weekend .
do you think tom is still hesitant to do that ?
<unk> often goes hand in hand with pollution .
i usually don 't lie .
i 've seen that happen many times before .
he says he 'd love to win .
i think that tom didn 't do that on monday .
we 're all ok .
after the murder , they had an <unk> conversation .
i didn 't know tom was married at that time .
i wouldn 't mind helping tom .
but i could not rest , <unk> , i could not sit quiet in my chair , if i thought that such a man as professor <unk> were walking the streets of london <unk> .
tom said that there was blood on the kitchen floor .
he acted as if he didn 't know us .
we are equal in the eyes of the law .
tom and mary said they thought john would unlikely want to do that .
neither tom nor mary has quit smoking .
you need to learn how to be <unk> .
you 're wearing the ring tom gave you , aren 't you ?
sami painted only part of the picture .
i wonder whether tom and mary are really angry .
we 're leaving boston next monday .
are they going to australia to build <unk> ?
we helped them weed the garden .
these are decisions i want to make alone .
i know you 'll do a wonderful job .
do tom and mary speak french fluently ?
tom and mary will never pay me what they owe me .
we put in our <unk> ; now we just have to play a waiting game .
it took me several hours to <unk> all the clothes .
sami was still lying .
tom thought mary would help him .
speaking a foreign language well isn 't so easy .
we 're a confident group of guys .
it took me at least half an hour to get the message across to him in english .
i doubt if tom will be through doing that .
tom has been in boston a few years .
where is a public telephone ?
tom , come here , i want you .
now i 'm older , i see things differently .
i guess i was stupid to expect you to do anything .
i don 't think that we should go with tom .
i 'm ready to order .
he arrived after i had left .
tom promised he wouldn 't say anything .
please remove that chair because it is in the way .
tom could still hear mary crying in the next room .
i know that tom knew why he should do that .
i feel very guilty about what happened .
tom and mary are coming back tonight .
this cat is black . is the dog , too ?
tom should have listened to mary .
they gave their dog a bath .
i 'll be right there , tom .
i didn 't realize tom didn 't know how to swim .
we always say that .
do you know which road <unk> to my house ?
let 's go inside where it 's warm .
i think tom and mary will do the same thing they did yesterday .
sami told layla that farid was there .
why didn 't you come back for tom ?
i 'm good at many things .
i was late as a result of the train <unk> .
i wonder whether tom and mary are happy .
sami is not working tomorrow .
the quick brown <unk> did not jump over the lazy dog .
sami was very open about the relationship .
i hit the <unk> button and went back to sleep .
i 'm not usually this busy .
mary told me she wasn 't injured .
will you show me the way to the bank ?
i went to boston last year .
john has to do without a <unk> for the time being .
i didn 't tell tom how to do that .
a good dress is a card of invitation , while a good mind is a letter of <unk> .
can you manage alone ?
i know tom knows he shouldn 't do that .
mary said she could probably do that .
tom told me he isn 't interested in you anymore .
this should be done as soon as possible .
tom and mary don 't know they 're not supposed to do that anymore .
we lack wings , but we still have enough strength to fall .
i don 't think mary knows how much time it 'll take for her to paint her house .
is there any hope that he will come ?
we can help them .
that 's more like it .
why didn 't you just take a cab ?
i 'm sorry i said that .
tom should have been in bed .
sometimes it 's a good thing to have a touch of <unk> .
tom died of cancer in 2013 in australia .
tom said he thought there was a good chance that it would rain tomorrow .
tom is known for that .
what don 't you want me to see ?
i 'm afraid i 'm going to have to teach you some manners , tom .
you people can 't help yourselves .
didn 't you know that tom was going to be in boston all week ?
he was made to tell them everything .
tom is very pleased with himself .
my uncle died a year ago .
does anyone here speak japanese ?
how will you convince tom to stay ?
tom looked reluctant to do that .
tom and mary are wearing the <unk> you gave them .
tom said he had to talk to me .
it isn 't similar at all .
i think that tom could 've done that better .
tom might not be in boston now .
tom says he 'll wait for us .
try some of this .
this is the most interesting book of all .
he said he wasn 't free .
tatoeba was sick and almost died .
tom is making dinner .
please don 't show this document to anybody .
many parents think <unk> school children should be in bed by 8 : 30 .
tom said you were angry .
i didn 't know tom would be doing that this afternoon .
it 's my fault that we got here late .
i don 't yet know what tom is going to do .
i believe that 's it for now .
do you love my brother more than me ?
we have to <unk> him to do the right thing .
how much is a first class ticket ?
too bad tom wasn 't here to do that today .
they are looking at themselves in the mirror .
the poison was eating layla from the inside out .
keep an eye on the girls .
she wanted for nothing as long as her husband lived .
he 's a quick study .
i don 't want to be an <unk> .
there 's no reason to get angry .
i don 't know whether tom is a student or a teacher .
can i play some music ?
don t <unk> with a husband and wife .
he 's very experienced .
tom then hung up .
you owe it to mary to tell her the truth .
i 'm sure tom has to do that again .
human beings seem to find it difficult to give up their old <unk> .
it 's just that simple .
is this the one you 're looking for ?
i hope tom doesn 't tell us to do that .
why do you need me to find them ?
we have to find out what it is .
i read a really interesting book .
i am learning chinese .
did you just realize that ?
i 'm not really sure when i 'm supposed to be there .
she couldn 't pay her bills .
i didn 't think mary would be exhausted , but she was .
i painted the house .
sami said marriage was a very <unk> subject for him .
he told me that he should go .
tom and mary said they felt fine .
tom wanted to protect the innocent .
tom could hardly wait to see mary again .
mary said she was safe .
i just need some fresh air to clear my head and come to my <unk> .
you did what you could .
it has been raining in the forest .
i could 've done much better .
at home in the prince 's <unk> , when at night the others were asleep , she used to go out on to the <unk> steps ; it <unk> her burning feet to stand in the cold sea water , and at such times she used to think of those she had left in the deep .
do you really think it would be impossible to do that ?
what 'll you be doing over the weekend ?
so , what can i do for you ?
she didn 't take her hat off .
what does this mean for tom ?
i know that tom is likely to do that tomorrow .
i won 't take that chance .
tom says he isn 't planning on doing that anymore .
i know i 'm going to regret this .
sami wasn 't bothered .
food is running low .
i don 't think that tom has very many friends in australia .
why can 't we go to boston ?
tom knows exactly what needs to be done .
she got away from us by walking slowly .
i think tom and mary were a little tired .
i know tom and mary are john 's friends .
i went home by train .
the big fish eats the little fish .
i gave in to <unk> and began to smoke a cigarette .
are you guys serious ?
i don 't think tom and mary are crying .
i visited him on a warm may afternoon .
i doubt if tom will be forgiven .
tom is <unk> , honest and a good young man .
my brother takes good care of his <unk> .
tom and mary said that they should 've left early .
try to stand still .
i moved back in with my parents .
sami had an apartment .
i was thinking of <unk> tom to dinner .
should she be there at noon ?
this young teacher is loved by all of the students .
sami didn 't tell the police .
you should help me do that .
sami shouldn 't do this in front of the children .
sami was watching that show this morning .
you probably won 't be able to do that .
i 've had a lot on my mind lately .
i doubt everything , even my own doubts .
i think tom would be afraid to do that .
now i understand why sami is crazy about you .
i would die for her .
they accepted the offer .
it 's not what i was expecting .
great .
tom said he thought he might have to do that today .
mary is <unk> all right on her own .
i wonder if tom really asked mary to do that .
i want you to know that i did that .
take care of yourself , ok ?
it happened that i saw my teacher at the station .
i could teach you how to drive if you wanted me to .
i don 't think tom and mary know much about that .
<unk> is at the head of her class .
mary said she doesn 't think it 's safe for you to do that .
i couldn 't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way .
tom may have already left for boston .
i don 't eat a lot .
i don 't think that i should 've done that inside .
tom couldn 't find anyone to talk to .
i am studying now .
tom and mary say they 're not sure if they can do that , but they say they 'll try .
tom said that he didn 't think he could do that without our help .
the victim had no <unk> . in fact , it was a man dressed as a woman .
tom spilled his coffee .
they deny they lied .
i want to know if what i 'm doing is right .
she deserves whatever she gets .
i thought as much .
i 'm going to keep this in the top drawer .
this is good coffee .
tom didn 't like coffee the first time he tried it .
what brings you to boston ?
fadil understood that all too well .
they said they had a surprise for you .
i think that tom and mary both are <unk> .
i don 't think that the gun is <unk> , but you should still be very careful .
what did you major in at college ?
i like to translate your sentences .
tom went there in person .
tom thinks that mary needs to do that , but she doesn 't really need to .
tom did an amazing job .
who cares ? what 's really important is that you are still here .
yes , i kissed him . so what ?
i 've decided to fire tom .
you can borrow a copy from any public library .
he looked calm , but actually he was very nervous .
what does that prove ?
they stayed longer than they had to .
i can 't go back without you .
be seeing you !
a car is not something i must have .
tom is going to find mary .
we chose john to be our captain .
are we supposed to do that ?
she covered her face .
tom met mary at the airport .
sami asked layla to turn the fire alarm off .
he expects me to help him do that .
i thought that tom might need to do that this week .
is there way to manage this man ?
i don 't think the post office is open yet .
i didn 't think that tom would be crazy enough to do something like that .
i feel like i should be doing something to help .
i 'm still not totally persuaded .
do you want me to open this now ?
tom won 't be here for a long time .
i 've already seen this movie .
at that time , i didn 't yet know everyone 's name .
tom is constantly doing that .
i 'll kill it .
can you iron this t-shirt for me , please ?
i 'm glad tom came back .
they seem scared .
it 's as lovely as a rose .
i 've found her .
i don 't think that tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon .
i 've heard it said that english is for making money , french for making love , and spanish for <unk> to god .
will you come to our usual game of <unk> next friday ?
mary isn 't her real name .
tom had no choice but to support mary .
she walked twenty miles a day .
we arrived at the hotel an hour ago .
can i have my money back , please ?
tom and mary can 't have done all this by themselves .
i 'm surprised you didn 't know you were supposed to do that .
where are you located ?
that 's against the rules .
i heard my body is a topic of conversation so i wanted to say , i 'm proud of my body and you should be proud of yours too . no matter who you are or what you do .
tom and mary are going to miss the train if they don 't hurry .
upon hearing the news , she burst out crying .
i was surprised that tom said that .
mathematics is not my field , but i still know a little bit about it .
well , aren 't you glad to see me ?
tom is quite <unk> , isn 't he ?
tom said that mary thought that she might be required to do that today .
i spent all the <unk> i had on this .
what with having no exercise and being overweight , he had a heart attack .
i wish this was all over .
you look like you 've seen a ghost !
tom teaches french in boston .
i know that tom and mary were offended .
tom said mary wanted to do that .
i don 't think it 's a good idea for you to go australia by yourself .
i got kicked out of school .
tom is probably sleeping right now .
i guess i should 've done this earlier .
sami called the lift .
tom was taller than the rest of his classmates when he was in the third grade .
mary said she 'd leave on october 20th .
mary knows that tom loves her .
i had to do that quickly .
i don 't think that tom will come to school today .
where do you think tom is going to do that ?
he has given out .
their dog was left on the <unk> once they had their baby .
you answer questions so well .
tom said that he didn 't think that mary would win .
as their conversation was in french , i could not understand a word .
i saw them crying .
i know tom didn 't need to do that , but i think he did it anyway .
i know that tom wouldn 't leave without saying goodbye .
it 's getting hot .
they didn 't tell anyone else , did they ?
she spent a lot of time writing her essay .
i think that i 'll take tom to australia with me .
my mom is the most beautiful woman in the world !
don 't make me say it .
tom can 't tell if mary is serious or not .
tom and mary are going to do that this summer .
i 'll finish up here .
you 're pretty good at french , i think .
where can i get hold of a good tax lawyer ?
i 'm going to work during the spring vacation .
tell us about your fishing trip .
we need some more time .
tom and mary said that they didn 't wait very long .
neither tom nor mary is supposed to do that .
when someone makes a request to you : " tell me <unk> ... " , you realize in horror that now you 're likely going to have to lie a lot .
is this your book ?
they say that they 're on their way back home .
sami 's daughter cleaned house for him .
that 's really important .
i take it you asked for permission before you did it .
it is necessary that he see a doctor .
tom should have asked me before he left early .
don 't try to do that .
my car is faster than yours .
would you like to know why tom didn 't do that ?
the <unk> of the boy who had been missing was <unk> by the clothes he was wearing .
she wished she had more money .
tom is still planning on <unk> the team .
you 're welcome to write to me .
run over your part again before the <unk> .
mary has lost her new umbrella .
you have to help me find her .
tom and mary said they 'd rather you didn 't do that .
tom is planning to buy that book .
tom and mary told everyone they were <unk> .
did i mess up again ?
tom was buried yesterday .
i told tom that i couldn 't win .
he paid an <unk> life for each one of us .
are you having problems with anyone here ?
tom doesn 't know that mary thinks he 's stupid .
tell him i won 't be there .
don 't make me go back there .
tom said that mary wasn 't drunk .
i have no idea what it might be .
we 're the same age , believe it or not .
i 'm sure tom won 't be faster at doing that than mary is .
tom is quite <unk> , isn 't he ?
we all had a good time singing around the <unk> .
i don 't have enough money to buy what i need .
would you prefer to do that today ?
you know i can 't .
tom and mary said that they were very eager to do that .
this is sharp .
i can 't give it to her .
i thought it would make her laugh .
<unk> will happen when we are off guard .
i don 't have time for guests today .
tom and mary looked like they were <unk> .
tom arrived at his office later than usual .
the man hit me on the head .
tom said that he didn 't believe mary really wanted to do that again .
did tom tell you why he wasn 't at school yesterday ?
thank you very much . you should also feel free to ask me for help in the future .
tom lives in a small town not too far from boston .
does anyone know tom 's last name ?
he had a talent for painting .
he says he wants to speak french .
tom had plenty of time to get that done .
that and a <unk> are , i think all that we need .
i know tom is about the same weight as you are .
i 'm terrible at math .
tom didn 't want to kiss mary .
it 's all a dream .
tom 's way of talking gets on my <unk> .
someone broke into tom 's office last night .
sami started to go to an <unk> school .
sami was attacked by a group of <unk> men .
she is too strong .
how about walking to the top of the hill ?
what 's wrong , tom ? we 've always been able to talk about this kind of thing before .
you can 't let tom behave that way .
he is looking at the photo of his friend .
tom refused to accept the money .
he ordered the book from the <unk> in the united states .
we probably won 't travel together .
mary said she didn 't think it was a good idea to allow tom to do that .
tom said he bought that for you .
would you tell them for me ?
we 'll be at the hospital .
he has no less than three hundred books .
do not do this !
the first course is soup .
tom isn 't crazy .
the most important thing in life is to be yourself .
sami is losing his mind .
tom has a job interview tomorrow afternoon .
he is going to shut up shop .
tom had no idea what he needed to buy .
now isn 't a good time to do that .
that 's the real reason that tom ran away from home , isn 't it ?
that wasn 't the only reason why tom should 've done that .
she abandoned her child .
i think it 's a little more <unk> than that .
he was named after the king .
have you heard from the rest of the team ?
do you know where i can find her ?
these are the planets of our solar system .
i knew that tom knew who was going to do that for me .
tom is the one who took care of that .
i sure hope i don 't catch what 's going around .
sami found that so weird .
you look a lot more like your father than your brother does .
they should rule who are able to rule best .
dan quickly <unk> to life at the summer camp .
they both smile .
he makes a point of reading newspapers after dinner .
tom has lost thirty pounds .
do you have any idea when tom is planning on getting here ?
i guess it 's decided .
may i ask you to close the window ?
i have a right to choose .
the plane has touched down .
did tom eat the whole cake by himself ?
i don 't remember much about that woman .
tom spent the entire day online .
i thought tom and mary were going to boston .
i pulled into the gas station for gas .
doing that 'll be fun .
get on your horses .
how long will i have to wait ?
he has a large truck .
sami was layla 's teacher at <unk> school .
i hope to begin learning your beautiful language in the near future .
we were caught in a shower on the way to school .
i haven 't met any woman i wanted to be married to .
their job is to iron clothes .
what i want , more than anything else , is for you to be happy .
you seemed surprised when tom told you he had to do that .
i 'm the one who caused the accident .
he has no idea who he 's up against .
i don 't intend to buy that for you .
tom seems impressed .
i hope you 'll find what i 'm <unk> for .
get your ass in here !
a million people lost their live during the war .
tom wants to be a famous baseball player .
tom and mary said they don 't plan on doing that by themselves .
have you been to see my father ?
sami went straight to his father 's house .
i thought that you said you 'd do that on monday .
you smell great .
i belong to that kind of people who can be either on top or at the bottom .
have you told mary why she shouldn 't do that ?
tom is afraid of me , isn 't he ?
sami didn 't even know that .
i bet tom won 't win .
count me in .
i 'll help you if you help me .
i know a lot of people who don 't own cars .
i didn 't need to add salt to my soup .
get me my pills .
tom thought mary was really friendly .
i took it for granted that he would win the race .
mary has gone off to <unk> the mountain .
no further information is available .
tom was just joking .
we 're cold .
i love working in australia .
the meeting was canceled because of the <unk> .
so late that it 's already early .
jesus said , " you believe because i told you i saw you under the <unk> tree . "
hungry and thirsty , we at last reached the <unk> .
i thought you were going to be able to do that .
tom told me he thought mary had <unk> fired .
i often recommend your website to my students .
sami would pray five times a day .
ask your doctor what he thinks .
it may be the last time .
tom is staying with his relatives in boston for the next three weeks .
it 's hard to believe you .
tom could have been the last one to do that .
they 're two very different things .
i know that tom is a fast <unk> , but i still think i could beat him in a race .
what good is that ?
i think you might need to make a decision .
he <unk> in public what i had said .
tom and mary will get in trouble if they do that .
tom says he thought mary would enjoy doing that .
tom is running around with the wrong crowd .
there isn 't anything that can be done about that .
this is how we 're used to doing it .
do something for the <unk> from the wound .
i don 't really know very much about you .
tom and mary are just trying to protect john .
one of the most beautiful animals is a cat .
i think that tom is trying to say something .
tom asked me to go to australia with mary .
as long as good people do nothing , evil will <unk> .
tom said that he thought i should get more exercise .
he says he also wants to do that .
we 've been here for a couple of minutes .
we met at a certain place in the city .
tom is asleep in bed , isn 't he ?
tom plans to stay in australia .
why don 't you look for her ?
i 'll be back in 30 minutes .
sami left cairo where he has been living with his wife and children .
tom was in a local bar .
we average 8 hour 's work a day .
is tom awake ?
tom and mary were surprised , weren 't they ?
sami work up at six in the morning .
mary is an <unk> , isn 't she ?
i 've decided we should move to boston .
i didn 't forget to write the prices .
tom just got divorced .
tom and mary had nothing in the world except each other .
he walked toward his office .
there 's nothing i 'll be able to do about that today .
the girl 's name <unk> me of my happy school days .
tom told me he 's irritated .
she knows she can trust you .
if that 's what mary said , then she was lying .
our house , our rules .
i think you 're good enough .
does tom know why mary doesn 't like him ?
i don 't think that you should do that today .
tom sat on the <unk> with his feet in the water .
i 'll go in your place .
you ought not to say such things in public .
i 'm thin , but not too thin .
that 's not the only reason i want to do that .
mary managed to carry everything herself .
you don 't know what i know .
tom knows the situation better than i do .
sami was a really weird person .
tom looked like a truck driver .
why are you asking all these questions ?
i know tom and mary are the ones who did that .
the boy set a bird free .
tom used to be difficult to get along with .
tom decided to follow the advice he 'd received .
i found one .
will i see you tonight ?
i usually eat with tom .
everyone was right about you , tom .
how are we going to manage without tom ?
i 'll try to finish it in time as best i can .
if tom and mary had tried harder , they would 've been able to do that .
he is not as handsome as tom .
is it true that tom used to live in boston ?
they walked a great amount without drinking water .
tom has been staying with me the last three days .
fadil did his best to catch up .
tom said he wouldn 't play tennis today .
tomorrow i have the written exam .
we 'd like to help them prove it .
i wasn 't very late .
let 's try to speed things up , okay ?
she did that while she was drunk .
tom got out of prison after 30 years .
he hurt his knee when he fell .
both my parents are still living .
my job is to know these things .
this is a nice place for a picnic .
i think that there still is a chance that that 'll happen .
tom is obviously tired of his job .
i thought that you said that you promised tom you 'd do that .
i 'd grateful to you if you can do that for me .
i suspected tom didn 't really have to do that .
i chose not to do that the way tom suggested .
the guy was too selfish to resist <unk> .
who do you think is the best coach in the <unk> ?
don 't give the secret away to anyone .
sami bought one himself .
i saw tom and mary standing there all by themselves .
every spring brings its lot .
maybe i should go more <unk> into the topic .
i don 't think tom can understand french .
i know that tom knows we shouldn 't do that here .
he was the first man to climb mt . <unk> in winter .
i have a message for you from your father .
i know tom might get killed if he tries to do that .
sami is an adult now .
what 's your telephone number ?
she put her hand over her mouth .
you may use this bicycle for as long as you like .
the leaves of the trees turn red in the fall .
i learned to live without her .
tom asked me why i didn 't try doing that by myself .
do you know how to read the russian <unk> ?
the politician tried to solve a difficult problem .
i don 't think that i 'll need to do that today .
did you know that tom hasn 't agreed to do that ?
i didn 't know that tom knew why mary was planning on doing that .
i can 't make that decision without <unk> tom first .
don 't you want to learn how to do this ?
i can 't believe tom really did that .
maybe it 'll work .
we discussed the matter with each other .
he is close with her .
things don 't always happen the way we want them to .
my writing is better than my speaking .
what 's in your mind ?
i was wondering if we could talk .
i 'd never forgive myself if anything happened to tom .
tom is clever , isn 't he ?
i want you to come and get me .
they 'll come to us .
tom will probably be pretty nervous .
tom says that he 's never tried eating dog food .
who doesn 't want to be a <unk> ?
<unk> is not good for a man of my age .
it isn 't like i have anything better to do .
she denied she had stolen anything .
it has stopped raining .
i want tom to stay as much as you do .
i have no idea where to go .
he hasn 't paid his rent .
there isn 't any solution .
tom really wants your help .
sami doesn 't know how to handle this situation .
how much distance have we covered ?
you must be less impatient .
i don 't play the piano as often as i used to .
mary said she didn 't do that anymore .
we finally have everything we need .
it looks like you 've been unlucky .
having lots of free time , i 've decided to study french .
we didn 't do anything .
it 's not as easy as you think to do that .
tom and mary need to be a little <unk> .
tom is just three weeks older than mary .
i 'll show you what i can do .
it may be hard to do that .
tom didn 't know how to do that until he was thirty .
she told me she couldn 't help me .
i 'm not sorry for that .
he did not <unk> this simple family life .
i thought something was seriously wrong with tom .
i suggest we <unk> on finding a way out of this cave .
the students did the work without help from others .
suppose i do that .
mary doesn 't obey her parents .
you take my place .
i know tom knew i knew how to do that .
what did you eat for lunch yesterday ?
neither tom nor mary has done anything wrong .
tom should be coming with us .
it 's on top .
that isn 't what i have to do .
i gave them some apples .
tom likes the idea .
you should 've waited .
i wasn 't at tom 's party last weekend .
what 's tom charged with ?
we want to give special thanks to tom .
her <unk> is a good example to us all .
tom was home alone .
i want to beat that record .
i thought tom said he was planning to do that .
this looks important .
they said that they 'd be going by train .
tom has an <unk> confidence in his children .
can you imagine tom doing anything useful ?
where is your god now ?
they think that tom followed mary home and killed her .
we have you to do that for us .
my brother will often sit up all night .
it really doesn 't matter much to me .
sami read the bible .
i met tom and mary yesterday . i didn 't like either of them .
layla had six children at home .
are tom and mary doing the same thing ?
i went down to his level .
i often go water skiing with my friends .
have you thought about when you want to arrive ?
i thought that you said you wanted to be the next one to do that .
my house is very near the park .
<unk> was so tired that she went to bed early .
i am very glad school is over .
layla had short brown hair .
focus on the present .
i know about you and them .
i had no difficulty in <unk> my father to let me study abroad .
i didn 't have to do that , but i did it anyway .
<unk> you choose , you will be satisfied .
you can 't afford not to believe me .
i lost my key yesterday .
where was he born and raised ?
i had a problem with tom .
i don 't think tom would be late unless he had a very good reason .
he promised me he 'd study french .
she slipped into a new way of life .
so what 'll happen now ?
may we speak with you ?
i advised tom to rest .
i also don 't think tom is going to do that .
don 't try to deny it .
i 'm tom 's guest .
i don 't think tom knows what 's going to happen .
tom told me he thought he wouldn 't be able to do that .
tom actually laughed .
she is going to france next week .
" ... <unk> <unk> ? hello ? " " <unk> ? your <unk> ! is that you ? " " yes , it 's me . " " ... go away . " " what ? " " <unk> told me to tell you to go away . " " that <unk> ! you 're going to be paying for that ! " " please , have <unk> <unk> ! "
what am i supposed to do if tom comes ?
i 'm going to australia on business .
you can still get here by midnight .
he is prepared to help me .
what tom ate for dinner didn 't cost much .
i 'll be there in a second .
let 's begin on page 30 .
what 's it smell like ?
i heard what happened to tom .
why do you do this ?
did you grow up speaking french ?
don 't tell me . let me guess .
that might not be easy .
we eat many kinds of food .
the financial crisis has left many unemployed .
tom is trying to help his parents .
i 'm afraid i have bad news .
i didn 't do that as well as i thought i would be able to .
just get back here .
i ate something i wished i hadn 't eaten .
the most important thing is the ability to think for yourself .
mary wondered how much time she 'd have to do that .
tom and his workers killed all the <unk> sheep .
i appreciate your position .
tom doesn 't know whether to turn left or right .
tom is confused about what just happened .
why do you want to buy tom this hat ?
when i became a <unk> , my <unk> wife and i , determined to make the <unk> one of the golden days of the twelve months .
tom and mary may eat whatever they want .
what do tom and mary expect from you ?
where do these new music <unk> come from ?
she was required to step down in the office .
tom can 't finish this job in a day .
i hate <unk> . tell me what you know .
what do i owe you ?
tom says that he wants to walk mary home .
tom and mary said they knew john might be required to do that by himself .
we only have a few hours until dark .
there isn 't anyone here .
tom got the <unk> drunk and managed to escape from the castle .
tom and mary said that they were finished doing that .
i hope tom doesn 't get sick .
sami was calling out layla 's name .
tom was here to help mary .
mary always expects me to help her .
tom isn 't much of a gentleman .
why did she write that book ?
mary didn 't know why tom asked her to do that .
jack and i agreed to work at the office on <unk> by turns .
that is the same color as mine .
mary pulled her hand away .
i will meet you at the station tomorrow .
do you always sing this song in this key ?
i wonder who invented it .
tom said mary knew that she might be allowed to do that by herself .
mary has some very important things that she has to do .
i know that tom didn 't have to do that today .
where do you get your ideas from ?
tom is likely to get homesick , isn 't he ?
we need to finish what we started .
they said they felt homesick .
isn 't it always like that ?
what did you tell tom about the job ?
i 'm a little bit of a <unk> .
why would tom take that risk ?
she told him not to worry .
i hurried to the station so i wouldn 't miss my train .
tom would 've wanted to do that with you .
i don 't know how tom does it .
" how many <unk> did you blow out on your birthday ? " " <unk> . "
they said that they 'd help me do that .
prices are high in brazil .
sami wanted to hurt layla .
do you have one that 's cheaper ?
tom had no idea mary felt that way .
i 'm going to do what i should 've done yesterday .
they say they have a plan .
they seem <unk> sad , don 't they ?
i think that tom has never done this before .
you must put these mistakes right .
tom told mary to wait a little longer .
i know tom isn 't planning to go to boston with you .
does anybody here actually know what they 're doing ?
a customer wanted to know who the head <unk> was .
i can 't believe i actually said that .
tom walked into the room .
what was the cause ?
mary knows what she 's doing out there .
tom may do that again if he wants to .
we 'll ask tom for permission .
tom and mary said they thought john would be back soon .
mary may feel dizzy if she does not sit in the front seat .
i have to sleep now .
it 's quite hot today .
" don 't wait for me . " " i wasn 't going to wait for you . "
i should tell tom what he needs to do .
tom tried his best not to get paint on his clothes .
he 'll wait for us to call him .
i thought that you said that you wanted to know who tom was planning to do that with .
why don 't you call me later ?
we need to make sure tom and mary don 't hurt themselves .
i appreciate everything tom has done for me .
tom knows that i don 't care whether he comes with us or not .
i want to get drunk .
i think tom won 't be back soon .
mary wants to marry a <unk> because she loves money .
i know tom wasn 't interested in doing that .
i 'm trying to figure out what you do for fun .
mary told tom that she was ticklish .
i don 't think tom will say yes .
i guess this is goodbye .
you never told me you were a pilot .
mary said she 's puzzled .
tom is very <unk> , isn 't he ?
we 're not out of the woods yet .
my mother was very weak from a long illness .
let them relax .
a boy <unk> my purse as he rode by on his bicycle .
no matter how hard you try , you won 't be able to finish that in a day .
excuse me . what time do you close ?
the island is a tiny piece of land in the middle of the <unk> .
sami only knew layla for six months .
now you should rest a little .
tom is going in the wrong direction .
he 's back .
houses should be built so as to admit plenty of light as well as fresh air .
tom hasn 't paid his part of the rent .
have you ever waited under the rain ?
tom wasn 't the one who helped us do that .
i had to go along with it .
sami felt that layla 's <unk> was so deep .
why didn 't you think of that before ?
i can 't live this way .
tom sat down in front of his computer .
i have to help them .
tom didn 't want to stay .
she said she wants to be a lawyer .
those who know me , know i can 't do that .
there 's something down there .
i think we 're ok .
the town is full of tourists .
give my love to him .
nobody having any more to say , the meeting was closed .
nobody 's that good .
tom was behind me .
in my free time , i write <unk> .
tom told mary he could help us today .
tom drove mary to the hospital .
tom grabbed mary 's fishing <unk> to help her pull in the fish .
will you not lose your mind ?
don 't worry , you 'll like it .
tom handed me the letter .
these berber videos are so boring .
i was pretty mad when i realized tom had stolen my bicycle .
the next song i 'm going to sing was written by tom jackson .
it 's going to cost about thirty dollars to repair it .
i knew my stuff was there .
hey , you 've got to see this .
tom could be hurt .
you 'll get a chance to do that , i 'm sure .
this is a huge honor .
do you happen to know where she lives ?
i had a late breakfast .
we know all that .
tom said he wished he hadn 't gone to australia .
tom said he didn 't have any idea where mary was .
they said that they felt very guilty .
i was adopted at birth and have never met my <unk> . that makes it very difficult to enjoy any <unk> .
it 'll be dark by the time tom and mary get there .
i didn 't think tom would listen to you .
he usually eats quickly .
i got it for christmas .
i must have made a mistake .
why don 't you slow down a little bit ?
maybe you shouldn 't do that with tom anymore .
please open your suitcase .
i was speaking the truth .
tom and mary don 't plan to do that until i tell them to .
sami said that that dog was his .
tom admitted he wasn 't really rich .
i don 't believe tom and mary did what john said they did .
i 'm unable to work this week .
tom would never have done such a thing .
i 'd like to do that soon .
i thought that i 'd lend you a hand .
i know where you 're going .
you may have to do this yourself .
tell me you understand what needs to be done .
as soon as you 're finished looking at the " <unk> , " please give it to the next person .
i know that tom is a lot stronger than mary .
i thought you said you didn 't know how to play the <unk> .
tom is now looking for a bigger house to live in .
sami is very familiar with layla 's stories .
i am a doctor .
are you able to read a french newspaper ?
i know you 've got a secret .
on our , but not own land .
i could tell that tom didn 't really want to talk to mary .
i 'm now in australia .
the eye of a <unk> is its center .
why don 't we have enough food for everyone ? i thought you went shopping this afternoon .
did you know the phone 's off the <unk> ?
i didn 't think tom would be able to do that without our help .
i 'm pretty sure tom will be on time .
tom is the only one here who knows french .
mary is talking with her friends .
mary says she hopes tom does that .
his advice touched me to the quick .
we think his last name is jackson .
we 're skeptical about this .
tom said that mary was certain that john didn 't need to do that .
tom is the tallest person in his class .
they told me they were prepared .
tom has two sisters .
tom did that , even though he didn 't really need to .
i know this city very well .
i 'll go if you go .
they told everyone they were upset .
what should they do ?
i told tom to check the oil level .
i couldn 't find a job in australia .
i 'll buy tickets .
let 's hope it works .
how many hours did you spend helping tom with his homework ?
that was the first time that i did that .
tom and mary are going to call later .
things have gotten serious .
you heard your mother .
i know you worry about her .
what 's the best way to contact you ?
tom is from australia , isn 't he ?
we should not make too much of money .
she can 't see anyone else 's point of view .
thanks for meeting me .
is there a chance this will happen again ?
i think tom and mary were supposed to go to school yesterday .
they swore they wouldn 't ever do that .
tom and mary should 've done that when they had the chance .
tom and mary aren 't going to stop you .
tom didn 't seem to be as curious as mary seemed to be .
at times , it <unk> even in april around here .
i doubt tom really wants to do that here .
he refused to give them the information .
we have to make do with what we have .
what kind of birthday present would you like ?
sami didn 't want to ruin layla 's time .
it was a lot of money for those times .
you 're not real , no , you 're not real !
tom stepped away from the door .
how did you know that tom 's passport was in the bottom drawer ?
a few people have two cars .
tom is a nurse and his best friend is a practical nurse .
fifteen people were killed or injured in the accident .
everyone knows we like each other .
mary saw some guy she didn 't know talking to tom .
mary said that she was going to work .
when the bus <unk> to miss a cat , the driver said , " that was a close one ! "
sami and layla are together because of the lord .
i 've never even met him .
they knew that they shouldn 't do that .
whether it rains or not , <unk> is planning to have a picnic .
lady <unk> , i have nothing further to say .
i don 't want to spend much time doing that .
i thought that tom would go <unk> with mary .
you shouldn 't eat so much ice cream .
let 's see what we have here .
he is always complaining about his low salary .
i walked across the park .
i don 't think tom really needs to do that by himself .
button it !
tom won 't be at today 's meeting .
tom was the only one who knew how to start a fire without <unk> .
tom isn 't sure who to give the message to .
mary is in a bad mood now , isn 't she ?
i made a desk of wood .
tom got tired of listening to the kind of music mary liked .
i hope tom isn 't desperate .
i need a table for eight .
i think that tom will resign .
mary has been told to do that by herself .
tom gave the knife to mary .
tom had a very hard time doing that .
young as he is , he is a man of ability .
i 'm thinking of <unk> on a new career .
i 've never met her .
people will be suspicious .
let 's go on in .
they 're still not safe .
sami wasn 't planning to come home for dinner .
his <unk> lead me to think that he already knew .
tom and mary just do what they need to do .
we 're not supposed to do that anymore .
she is late .
sami needed to think about it .
they said they were getting sleepy .
what were you looking for this morning ?
tom said that he wanted to see if mary could do that .
i still sometimes cry .
give this ticket to whoever comes first .
this dress is too expensive .
tom and mary will be punished for what they did .
that 's true not only for children , but also for <unk> .
you didn 't say whether she wouldn 't <unk> in the competition ?
is it urgent ?
tom was the only adult in the room .
tom asked mary where she worked .
tom and mary are on their way .
tom admitted what he 'd done was stupid .
mary told me that she wanted to win .
dad , what is the difference between the <unk> and the government ?
i say this not because of me .
tom said he just wanted to buy something cheaper .
tom plans on studying french , too .
i have my own house .
i wouldn 't trust tom if i were you .
there 's no hope for you .
layla met sami who , at thirty , was twice her age .
you 're good at piano .
i saw him jump .
in the first place , i discovered that beauty was a full stop .
i know that 's no good .
tom wasn 't a bit surprised by how well mary could speak french .
there isn 't anything <unk> can do about it .
mary says she 's drunk three glasses of wine .
sami did everything he could to escape .
tom wanted to know more about mary .
tom and mary said they thought they didn 't need to do that .
wild weather is <unk> for our region today .
tom is <unk> the city for 3 million dollars .
tom and mary say this will be the last time they do this .
let us start our week .
tom asked me whether i wanted sugar in my tea .
what are you talking to ?
tom thinks mary won 't be home on october 20th .
she asked about you .
no system is perfect .
we don 't expect tom to live much longer .
where did tom get these delicious apples ?
i don 't know whether tom will tell the truth or not .
tom and mary took their gloves off .
<unk> you have a problem is the first step .
i 've been all over .
you don 't think i should have done that , do you ?
i 'm going to change my clothes .
sami is a free man now .
i think that tom wasn 't the first one to do that .
i have never heard that before .
he always <unk> his girlfriend goodbye when they part ways .
what 's your least favorite food ?
i wish i had written it myself .
mary mentioned she was concerned about you .
mary is finished already , isn 't she ?
tom knows very little about music .
we have every advantage over them .
i didn 't pay any attention to tom 's warning .
<unk> apologized to her teacher for coming to school late .
she won 't let you in her house .
tom got very happy .
do you really know what 's going to happen ?
i still feel like i have a lot to learn from tom .
you don 't need that , do you ?
tom wouldn 't be able to do this .
tom was married to mary .
was this letter written by mary ?
she just couldn 't help herself .
did tom come to boston as well ?
you looked like you were drunk .
a japanese garden usually has a pond in it .
i used to play here .
she likes drawing , doesn 't she ?
i knew that tom knew why mary needed to do that .
i went ahead on the road .
they moved ahead slowly .
tom is a lot of fun , isn 't he ?
please , move this rock from here to there .
you should do away with that dog .
mary told me that she 'd do that later .
tom put his passport in his pocket .
it 'll be impossible to get a <unk> at short notice .
we haven 't heard back from tom yet .
tom assumed that everyone knew where he 'd gone .
raise your hands !
i pretended that i didn 't know what was going on .
why does tom never smile ?
his eyes stopped <unk> due to old age .
at the top , there was a <unk> of trees .
what an unlucky girl layla is .
do you think tom will really help ?
what 's boston like in the winter ?
mary couldn 't put her gloves on .
tom loved the color of mary 's new dress .
french and arabic are spoken in this country .
tom is the one who knows how to do that .
tom and mary told john they knew how to do that .
mary opened her eyes very wide .
that was a big promise you made .
tom didn 't know that somebody was trying to kill him .
everyone <unk> at someone who makes a mistake .
thanks so much for your help .
i don 't think that tom knows very much about boston .
i still believe it .
i slept on the couch last night .
tom said he was saving up money to buy a new car .
can you still play tennis ?
sami is on a bus .
tom and i drove to boston together .
somebody asked me a question about tom .
are tom and mary in the hospital ?
tom asked mary to help john do that .
are tom and mary telling the truth ?
tell me then what you 've decided .
tom has already decided that he 's going to stay .
sometimes i work from dawn to <unk> in the fields .
i absolutely agree .
i can 't promise that i 'll be here tomorrow .
tom wanted to know who was going to help mary .
i felt pretty lucky .
how long did it take to fix the car ?
mary didn 't have a chance to visit tom when she was in boston .
tom drowned in his neighbor 's pool .
i don 't think that tom is old enough to do that yet .
sami never <unk> a cigarette in his life .
tom knew that mary was a canadian .
i suggest you go to australia with tom .
i 'm so glad i could help .
you look sad . what 's wrong ?
tom thinks that mary is afraid of snakes .
we 're really good friends .
tom and mary didn 't seem to be aware that they should do that .
i know that tom doesn 't know who 's going to do that for us .
sami liked the story .
do you know why tom was mad ?
tom is feeling better now .
how much do you make teaching french ?
i won 't be able to blow out all the <unk> on the cake .
tom wanted mary to go away and leave him in peace .
tom and mary said they weren 't having any fun .
tom took a bottle of pink pills out of his pocket .
i need to make a lot of changes .
we 'll eat our dinner in the kitchen tonight .
the smell of makeup makes my stomach turn .
tom made a suggestion .
you scared them .
he knows the truth .
i have no one to leave my money to .
he looked at his cards .
it 's hard to tell whether it 's going to rain or not .
tom said he likes doing that .
see you at seven tomorrow .
i found out i can 't make up interesting sentences about nuclear weapons .
you can 't force me to do that .
he 's tall , famous , and rich .
tom and i were both pretty busy yesterday .
tom left mary alone .
they voted .
tom <unk> mary to let her know that he 'd be late .
is that supposed to make me feel better ?
tom is going to buy a blue sweater .
tom is about the same age as mary .
i don 't think that it 's a very good idea to do that .
who wants to go hunting ?
i have something i 'd like to say .
i want you to be my boyfriend .
who are those for ?
i think it 's important for you to learn how to speak french .
do you want to write down my e-mail address ?
they believed that it must be a new <unk> .
tom often goes fishing in the river .
the whole is more than the <unk> of its parts .
that 's almost impossible to believe .
where did you park my car ?
i think you might need help doing that .
tom didn 't realize that the person he was about to talk to wasn 't mary .
sami said it was too late .
i have to know who my father is .
tom seemed a bit disappointed .
a book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place .
i know a lot of people who don 't like camping .
see that the door is locked before you leave .
you should have known it .
tom is very sharp , isn 't he ?
she has a <unk> cut on her cheek .
that gentleman over there is well spoken of .
no matter how you say it , i 'm not going to listen to you .
tom also broke his big <unk> on his right foot .
tom didn 't tell anyone he wanted to do that .
i want you to try and do that .
i have visited tom many times in boston .
the streets are laid out quite well .
dan came up with a new idea .
i wish i 'd never gone to australia .
everything he did was a success !
tom got injured in australia .
we 've made the <unk> of the century .
i wonder if we can get in .
it 's a good sentence , by the way .
it 's impossible to describe .
we want to be fair .
what is going on ?
whenever mary comes to boston , she stays at our place .
he advised her not to go .
why didn 't you answer your phone ?
a stranger came up to me and asked me the time .
don 't cry , there 's a dear .
we were willing to take the risk .
tom and i were told to stay on our room .
i 'm the master of my fate .
why don 't you ask tom to help ?
tom is safe and in good condition .
tom walked to the bus stop .
did you kill tom ?
tom is doing that for mary , isn 't he ?
good afternoon everybody !
why am i getting beaten up instead of him ?
tom had decided at an early age that he wanted to become a <unk> .
tom has been warned many times .
i had no idea you felt that way .
i bought this hat at a store on park street .
we 're worried about them .
the <unk> prevented us from going back to tokyo .
tom is <unk> , but mary isn 't .
if you think tom is canadian , you 're wrong .
we 're pessimistic .
we 'll talk about that soon .
summer is finally beginning .
it may succeed ? it will succeed !
cairo is the biggest city in africa .
tom visited mary in her boston home .
after much <unk> , we accepted his offer .
i realize tom shouldn 't do that either .
sami was prepared .
i think i heard mary say that she 'll do that .
will you give tom this envelope ?
tom has never said a word to me about that .
i 'm proud to have you as my friend .
tom is very <unk> when he 's been drinking .
tom said he 's been told not do that .
anybody in here ?
he had never seen her laugh .
tom brought mary a plate of cookies .
he knows every trick in the book .
i want to make a <unk> call to australia .
tom knows he 's going to be late .
let 's fix the date for the picnic .
tom didn 't know why mary didn 't want john to do that .
i 've told you not to give me any <unk> !
tom had something he wanted to show mary .
does tom think mary can take care of herself ?
i 'll send you your clothes and some other things next month by express <unk> .
she wants us to think she 's happy .
tom said that tomorrow is monday .
could you read it ?
i like to go to new places and see new things .
have you discussed this with a lawyer ?
she is doing her hair simply .
that gray building ?
i haven 't seen anything of him lately .
i 'll get him to carry my suitcase upstairs .
in my opinion tom did nothing wrong .
he cannot have told you a wrong number .
when you speak fast , i can understand .
our team lost all of its games .
he remained silent the whole time .
some of tom 's ideas were good , but a lot of them weren 't .
tom 's friends knew tom was having money problems .
you must read this book also .
i don 't think tom knows that i 'm mary 's brother .
he came to <unk> the house with a view to buying it .
i said , " is there anything i can do ? "
they want to talk about religion .
i don 't know whether tom is hungry or not .
good morning , how are you doing ?
i think you 'd better take a rest ; you look ill .
tom was irritated .
she has no sense of humor .
he started to tell us his <unk> during his stay in america . we were all ears .
i don 't think that tom was lying to you .
nobody can be that lucky .
they know they should do that soon .
there was a hill to the north .
it 's possible that tom and mary haven 't done that yet .
sami was sick from war .
even tom and mary don 't go to boston anymore .
please tell me about your town in your next letter .
i had a healthy breakfast .
the flowers in the garden are beautiful .
the only place tom and mary have ever wanted to live is boston .
i certainly would hope so .
it was entirely by accident that i found out what tom was doing .
tom and mary said they 'd probably do that the day after tomorrow .
i told tom to wait for me .
sami left work and went home .
tom said mary will probably still be confused .
excuse me , i 'm looking for tom .
tom jackson is my boss .
tom did some quick math .
it was quite dark when i got home last night .
those belong to tom .
you 're the problem , tom .
there 's no money left .
wait up .
i didn 't know tom wanted to help mary do that .
there 's nothing to be afraid of anymore .
please don 't ask her .
tom adopted a new policy .
keep climbing .
do you have the stuff you need to make the <unk> ?
tom knew he 'd done something he shouldn 't have .
i suspect you don 't have to do that .
he had to prevent the war .
you never told me about tom before .
we have been having awful weather .
mary told me she liked snow .
i just think you should be careful , that 's all .
we actually talked about it .
we 'll come to boston for your wedding .
tom wished to be rich .
i don 't have a job now .
she said there 's nothing she can do .
please hold my place in line .
i shook hands with him .
it seems like he has a big <unk> .
nobody knew where tom and mary were .
tom said that it wouldn 't be difficult to do that .
i wonder if i am made for this world .
john is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in french .
i see something good .
i expect tom to cry .
i cannot do it in such a <unk> time .
tom pointed to the ground .
do you believe her ?
they said that they 'd like to eat now .
i should 've told tom that i felt the same way .
tom and mary want to know how they can lose weight quickly .
i 'll be busy all next week .
sami was walking behind them .
sami checked the water <unk> and one of them was open .
what little <unk> i had i owe to a young man .
it 's important to learn to hope .
i was going to go to boston , but i 've changed my mind .
was the bank closed ?
he was starting to lose hope .
better leave it !
she said she was very confident .
i doubt very seriously that will <unk> tom .
don 't worry about what tom and mary think .
tom looks hungry .
i can hear it .
i came here to make you an offer .
you always ask too many questions .
get started .
i suspect tom and mary don 't like me very much .
my wife is my best friend .
the policeman wrote it down in his notebook .
i lived in boston a few years ago , but now i live in chicago .
shouldn 't we ask tom ?
she can pass for white .
why is it dangerous ?
tom isn 't willing to help us .
my grandmother has become old .
tell tom i 'm not interested in the car he 's trying to sell .
tom can either be your best <unk> or your worst enemy .
tom was <unk> , but mary wasn 't .
i think that tom really needs to do that .
i 'd like to be as rich as tom and mary are .
would it be possible for me to get a cup of coffee ?
tom left after lunch .
i know tom expected me to do that .
why didn 't you tell me you already knew tom ?
i don 't know where i belong .
we want to do that , but we can 't .
maria is probably germany 's most talented artist .
sami fixed layla 's bicycle .
i can 't get along with that man any more .
they know what they did was wrong .
i don 't like being told to clean my room .
tom said that i needed to study french .
sami started hiding drugs in layla 's apartment .
i packed your suitcase for you .
tom wanted to die .
it felt like an earthquake .
i wonder if tom is waiting for us .
she still has a little money , but not much .
i 've decided to tell tom about what happened .
come talk with me .
tom doesn 't think mary is embarrassed .
what 's tom done ?
she can 't make up her mind .
she told everyone she was adopted .
let the kids off the bus first .
tom didn 't know that mary wanted to do that .
yes , i 'll be right there .
the movie was better than i thought it would be .
sami didn 't see layla in any scene .
tom invited mary and me to go skiing with him .
they packed their suitcases .
i need to leave at 2 : 30 .
she committed her baby to her divorced husband .
sami was in the master bedroom .
who 's the boss in the house ?
we eat so that we can live .
breakfast isn 't ready yet .
tom said he thought it might happen in boston , too .
i try to keep a low <unk> now .
he wants to have everything his own way .
deep laughter brings tears .
tom knows that mary would rather not go to boston .
it would be possible for me to do that .
he said he wouldn 't win .
tom was sleeping rough for a while after being <unk> from his apartment .
tom said he 's sympathetic .
i 'll have what he 's having .
the hotel telephone is in the hall and <unk> is trying to ring the police now .
his property in the country is very pretty .
tom wrote mary a love letter , but he didn 't send it .
tom never told me that he had a dog .
i 've never heard of this actor .
we haven 't any <unk> for a box that big .
sami and layla wished each other a <unk> christmas .
tom certainly sounds like he isn 't planning to come .
i 'm not <unk> you , am i ?
tom gave all the money he had to mary .
tom gave mary a copy of his <unk> .
tom will be mad .
fadil became terrified of what layla could do next .
tom has read a lot of french books .
please don 't ask them .
when did you arrive in japan ?
i don 't want anybody to know i 'm here .
in my <unk> language school , there are a total of six rooms for the six foreign languages offered .
i 'm so anxious .
we live in the neighborhood of the school .
why have you come ?
the picture was painted by a famous <unk> .
tom told me that he visited australia .
a young woman was singing and playing the guitar in front of the <unk> .
tom wrote stories .
that can 't be denied .
i don 't know if tom will agree to go or not .
tom said he didn 't think that mary should do that .
we need you to help protect tom .
you must recognize your failure .
tom didn 't want to get into trouble .
i demand to know what 's going on here .
he <unk> two hundred dollars in a growing business .
tom said he plans on staying in boston until october .
with pleasure !
tom said that he thought mary 's <unk> was appropriate .
i do forgive tom .
i knew that you wouldn 't like australia .
tom said he doesn 't know what mary wants him to buy .
she said she thought i looked hungry .
the <unk> patient is suffering from stomach cancer .
tom thought mary wouldn 't be able to do that .
sami was found guilty for one count of <unk> murder .
tom is doing a dangerous job .
four is an unlucky number in japanese .
tom wants to tell you something important .
i think that this photo was taken in october .
" what is the time ? " " it is twenty minutes to three . "
i 'll show you mine if you show me yours .
tom was the first one to <unk> money to us .
for your sister , she 's the shy type .
we just have to keep doing what we 're doing .
let 's go get some ice cream .
tom knows when to quit .
i thought that tom wasn 't going to be working today .
tom grew up in a town where everybody knew everybody .
tom watched mary as she danced .
i 'm coming to your rescue !
i know that tom didn 't know i wasn 't going to do that .
the second term came to an end .
tom and mary traveled together , didn 't they ?
tom brought mary some water .
do you mind if i listen to some music ?
i have to buy flowers for my love .
then , we started crying .
i will badly miss you if you leave japan .
we 'll have to do it even if we don 't want to .
tom said that he 's seen mary doing that .
are you done with the paper ?
i told tom he could buy anything he wanted .
mary is more attractive than alice .
tom is quite charming .
anne told me that my hair was too long .
i helped tom pack his things in boxes .
i can see you 're busy , so i 'll get right to the point .
tom says he wants something to eat .
tom is very good at playing the piano .
she just does what she 's asked to do .
sami was awake but he couldn 't move .
tom said he knew that mary might not have to do that on october 20th .
tom informed mary that she was going to have to do that by herself .
tom has a right to his own opinion .
if i 'd had the time , i would 've dropped by your place .
tom wanted to spend more time talking with mary .
you were scared .
sami wanted to be left completely alone .
tom said that he 'd likely buy some things at the <unk> market .
he <unk> the house with an eye to opening a store there .
i woke up in the hospital .
tom won 't wait around for a decision .
have you learned all your classmates ' names ?
tom said that he didn 't care what happened .
he is such a tall man that he can reach the ceiling .
tom says the heat doesn 't bother him .
there is no rule but has some <unk> .
isn 't tom afraid ?
tom says he hasn 't seen mary since they broke up .
i 'm glad to see you 're finally happy .
i think that 's why tom didn 't want to do that .
sami made a video .
please find out when tom wants to do that .
that was a good trip .
i miss all my friends .
the man sitting on that bench is tom .
tom is supposed to be at home today .
tom says he needs to be in boston next week .
tell tom i 'm sorry that i wasn 't able to be at his birthday party .
i should probably tell tom i don 't have to do that today .
i don 't think tom could have done that .
is basketball season over yet ?
it 's just that i don 't want to die today .
tom asked mary to stop staring at him .
i 'll do as you say .
tom said mary was too tired to do that .
some people never change !
sami quit on saturday .
i know tom is a fast swimmer .
was it a lie when you said you loved me ?
tom promised to laugh at all my jokes .
our teacher is a gentleman in the true sense of the word .
where did you find it ?
i spent three weeks in australia last summer .
sami 's car is not starting .
if your dog could talk , what do you think it would say to you ?
tom didn 't want mary to go home by herself .
fadil will have his money .
are you going to let tom win ?
what do they call her ?
mary is still sick , isn 't she ?
tom should 've been reluctant to do that .
at least i 'll never have that problem again .
are you saying that you don 't believe me ?
please tell tom not to do that again .
it 's very unusual for tom to be here this time of day .
neither tom nor mary looked disappointed .
is there a library in the school ?
tom said that mary is probably still pessimistic .
i don 't totally understand that .
i can handle it from here .
tom was the one who <unk> mary to us .
tom seemed extremely excited .
i don 't know where i should put this .
i know tom saw you doing that .
tom has been ordered to do that .
tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner .
i don 't remember where i bought it .
i thought that we could visit the museum together .
it just seemed like the right thing to do .
i know you need to do that .
i can 't do this by myself .
tom was with a girl , but i didn 't manage to see who it was .
from this , it <unk> that he is innocent .
no one knows exactly where tom is from .
tom wanted to buy mary an expensive gift .
thank you for the gift .
mary admitted she 'd been mistaken .
mary told me she thought you could do that .
i was really impressed .
mary will likely be very hungry when she gets home .
i hear through the wall what they 're saying .
the bear is eating an apple .
i 'm old enough to support myself .
my wife is too <unk> . i don 't know if it 's good or bad .
i told tom that i didn 't know how to do that .
everybody knows it worked .
tom had dinner with mary .
tom <unk> mary to let her know he had arrived in boston .
tom and mary told me that they thought it would rain all day .
we met in boston through a <unk> friend .
tom thought that i might not have to do that by myself .
it rained fire in that region .
we can 't afford to make any mistakes .
i 'm not willing to give this to tom .
there 's plenty of <unk> cream left in the bowl .
i 've asked tom to show me how to do that .
i loved tom 's performance .
i 'm worn out .
i 'm a teacher now .
tom loved to travel .
they are both very intelligent .
we watched her drive her car away , until it was no more than a <unk> in the distance .
everything has been good .
tom is so stupid it isn 't even funny .
where is tom going to go ?
tom didn 't want to seem shy .
mary told me that she thought tom had done that .
this isn 't worth dying for .
the man was no better than a horse .
tom said mary is pretty good at playing the piano .
i thought that you lived with your family .
this time the day after tomorrow , we 'll be in australia .
mary said that she found her keys .
you aren 't permitted to do that , are you ?
i hope i win .
my last real vacation was more than three years ago .
do you really think tom is brave ?
tom said that he didn 't know mary couldn 't do that .
i didn 't want to do that myself .
that 's a greek name .
it won 't be easy to get into a <unk> program .
i don 't know anything about potatoes .
how did tom talk you into that ?
tom said he 'd try to do that again on monday .
sorry , i must stay at home today .
they walked as far as the next town in an hour .
the japanese economy continued to grow by more than 5 % <unk> .
tom pointed the finger at mary .
if you 'd helped me , i could have done that .
can you repeat the question ?
i never want to see you get in trouble .
tom said he wanted something to eat .
this suit does not fit me .
i think tom wouldn 't be as frightened as mary would be .
tom sat alone on a <unk> away from the fire .
tom was convinced he shouldn 't do that .
i suspect tom won 't wait much longer .
which has the biggest brain , an <unk> or a person ?
tom runs faster than i do .
the doctor will be here as soon as he can .
i 'm not paid much .
she said that she 's well .
tom is already in bed .
i know them .
sami was highly concerned .
i 'd rather go to boston .
at the end of the party , only two guests remained .
i doubt very seriously that tom will be up at this time of night .
this book wasn 't as good as i thought it was going to be .
nobody wants to do it ?
why do spend so much time in the <unk> ?
mary enjoys being the center of attention .
you should have thought of that before .
when i was in school , <unk> kids were forced to write with their right hands .
tom and mary said they were hoping we could sing together .
i wonder if tom and mary were really surprised .
i thought that that was my job .
i was very careful , but i caught a cold .
she 's trying on a coat .
tom has to be depressed .
and just who might you be ?
you 'll pay for what you did to me .
she said she isn 't happy .
tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn 't need the surgery after all .
i think he 'll understand this .
does it bother you that tom and mary are doing that ?
can you drive me home ?
tom <unk> that he didn 't want to do that .
she was close to breaking into tears .
i 'm a little girl , i don 't go to school . buy me <unk> , i 'm getting married .
the leaves of the trees turn yellow in the fall .
he had trouble getting money .
i kept my word .
bear in mind that you 're a guest here and should behave <unk> .
tom said he didn 't want to go to boston with us .
sami could see how miserable layla was .
your favorite color is red , right ?
tom told me to meet him at his house .
do you speak chinese well ?
it isn 't too much .
i thought mary would be drunk , but she wasn 't .
we don 't have to choose .
we should be able to finish this in a day or two .
they 're playing with their dog .
ok , you two , follow me .
are you sure it was tom that you saw ?
what time do you open ?
i 'm busy , too .
have i ever met you before ?
this is going to be a good show .
do tom and mary really think john enjoys eating with them ?
i think this is a waste of money .
i think you 'd better tell him .
i know that that isn 't tom 's umbrella .
competition makes you better .
sami worked there for six hours .
i don 't seem to be myself these days .
i cannot bear this pain .
tom and mary did that whenever they could .
do you have any questions about the <unk> ?
tom is one of the most handsome men i 've ever seen .
my son is my biggest headache .
i was made to stay at home by mother .
i am afraid of cats .
the address you 're looking for is very near the city hall .
i don 't think tom was shocked .
tom stuck his knife into the tree .
you have to stop worrying .
i think i couldn 't do what tom and mary do ?
sami found a good hiding place .
sometimes , we don 't know if we are in love .
i know that tom knows mary didn 't need to do that .
tom and mary will very likely be punished for what they did .
sami couldn 't <unk> to anything that he didn 't personally hear or see .
do you still think that 's what we want ?
how can i find them ?
tom is going to go get mary .
could you tell tom something for me ?
tom died two years ago in a plane crash .
if we can 't offer any help , a kind and <unk> word is enough .
would you like a cookie ?
you can 't keep me from doing that .
sami just kept walking .
no one would hurt me .
sami has a lot of work to do .
no one has the right to tell you that their life is harder than yours .
for him , that will be like taking candy from a baby .
mary didn 't tell tom her last name .
tom looked under his seat .
tom assumed that everybody at school knew that he 'd been arrested .
tom tried to get up , but he couldn 't .
tom and mary just shook their heads and laughed .
i didn 't know who tom was planning to go hiking with .
have you found a solution yet ?
she drove a student to school .
how did that end ?
i agreed without much thought .
didn 't you get a <unk> from tom ?
i 'm not yet prepared to do that .
tom put his hands over mary 's mouth .
you 're just upset .
tom accepted my challenge .
sami saw layla crying .
do you still think you 'll be able to attend the meeting ?
tom said that he didn 't often win when he played chess .
our children are anxious to have <unk> like those of the children next door .
tom is likely to do that tomorrow .
we 've got to tell them .
i don 't think anyone would do that .
i 'd rather not discuss her .
tom and mary would make john very happy if they did that .
tom didn 't know he had to do that today .
what 's the minimum salary in your country ?
last weekend was boring for me .
tom has more experience than everybody else .
i don 't have your phone number .
how can i lose weight ?
tom and mary said that they weren 't students anymore .
did you do that by yourself ?
tom really needs a vacation .
tom said that he 's <unk> to that disease .
tom is in bed because he isn 't feeling well .
aren 't you satisfied yet ?
i don 't want to miss that .
she didn 't clean the dishes .
he fell down and hurt his knee .
it happened that i sat next to her at a meeting .
it may happen again .
tom is back in jail , isn 't he ?
i told you i 'd be back .
i thought that tom would do well .
tom doesn 't seem to know what he 's doing .
i ordered you to get out .
tom will be angry since we didn 't stay in our rooms like he told us to .
he deserves whatever he gets .
let me give you my business card .
sami went out to <unk> and meet other people .
don 't mention this to anyone .
mary says she 's still planning to do that .
tom is thirsty , but mary isn 't .
tom is in the room .
what else do you want to know ?
layla was making a personal call .
do you think tom and mary can still take care of themselves ?
tom and mary said they 're eating lunch now .
the <unk> complained that i visit her so rarely these days .
information is given in english at every airport .
i have a <unk> feeling that that won 't happen .
let tom stay here .
tom said he hopes that mary won 't do that by herself .
it would be good if you did that for me .
tom and mary knew they wouldn 't be able to do what john wanted them to do .
tell tom what 's wrong .
i understand berber .
everyone shouted for joy when they heard the news .
having finished my work , i went home .
tom told me that he thought that mary still ought to do that .
i thought that we were friends .
sami started a major <unk> to the store .
tom and mary say they 're not ready to do that .
the actor came out from behind the <unk> .
prices rose higher and higher .
is it better than the original ?
i intend to become a lawyer .
tom and mary won 't be able to do what you 've asked them to do .
tell me again where you live .
i don 't work as much as i used to .
this , though i knew it well , i had let <unk> .
they put their glasses on .
tom and mary weren 't sure if they should do that or not .
i hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can , only as one who has seen its <unk> , its <unk> .
i want to talk with him alone .
i 'm telling you that 's how it happened .
i gave a sweater to my mother .
you don 't have to do what tom says .
i can eat things tom can 't .
tom immediately began talking .
you didn 't know that tom was supposed to do that today , did you ?
i really shouldn 't tell you .
we must try to be kind to other people .
music <unk> a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without .
i don 't think that tom <unk> many people .
do you have anyone on your <unk> who can speak french ?
he couldn 't hear what i was saying .
it 's noisy around here , so speak a little <unk> .
tom sent a long letter to mary .
sami went through layla 's messages .
i did that last week .
i 'd like to know why tom and mary aren 't going to do that .
he told me he 'd likely cry .
this is an important event .
tom isn 't as tired as we are .
believe me , i don 't know the answer to this question , but i 'm thinking .
i didn 't know tom had so many friends .
i know that tom didn 't need to do that by himself .
see you tomorrow morning !
all the boys were looking at tom .
i think you 'd like it .
i don 't think i 'll be able to do what i wanted to do today .
why 's tom in such a hurry ?
tom could be in real danger .
i don 't want to eat a live <unk> .
mary didn 't take her own life .
then i woke up .
why did she come here tonight ?
close your books .
tom is still frustrated .
that is why all the students in the class agreed with him .
we 're going to get her back .
how did you know that i needed to do that ?
when i called on him , he was hard at work .
tom and mary said they were married .
she never does that by herself .
she said she hasn 't done that yet .
the color green is often <unk> with esperanto .
i don 't think tom knows what mary is looking for .
i don 't want to think about that .
he plans to retire when he 's <unk> .
i 'm ready for the next step .
tom and mary told everyone about what they did .
i know that tom is someone we can trust .
tom and mary wanted children .
tom and mary told me that they 're alone .
if you had remained silent , you would have remained a <unk> .
i feel sure that tom will cry .
someone 's at the door .
my friend wants to move in with me .
i want your love .
the book fit into tom 's pocket .
they hate laws .
they would think the person is <unk> or lazy .
catch me if you can .
should we get going ?
sami was standing at his table .
tom and mary couldn 't find what they wanted at the supermarket .
tom said he wanted to replace the <unk> in his band .
i could get in trouble if i helped you .
i told her nothing .
i visited australia last spring .
tom said he thought mary wasn 't good at french .
i used the red plastic bag to cover the empty cookie <unk> 's mouth .
fadil 's luck was about to run out .
if you 're going to the beach , you need <unk> .
we 'll take a vote .
anyone can run for class president .
sami didn 't know about layla 's relationship with farid .
i doubt tom will agree to that .
there are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn 't appeared .
that 's the way things were back then .
tom begged me to do that .
he tried to help .
tom said that he wanted me to spend the summer in boston with him .
tom is going to be ready to do that .
sami can help you with this .
to be honest , i want to study japanese too .
did you put sugar in my coffee ?
you must be blind as a <unk> if you couldn 't see it .
tom didn 't plan on going to boston .
how much money do you think that you 'll spend in australia ?
tom and mary like to sing .
have you ever been to australia before ?
the restaurant is on the ground floor .
come have a rest .
tom is on the phone with his dad .
who would have thought we would get in trouble ?
i know where tom is .
are you interested in learning german ?
tom is probably going to do that .
i found only three <unk> of the word " woman " in the entire article .
she didn 't waste any time , did she ?
there 's a hole in your shirt .
she was born in the united states .
tom and i have never done that before .
sami started walking home .
take good care of what you eat and drink every day .
tom is obviously in love with mary .
the thought was there .
you guys can do that if you try .
look on their wall .
there 's nothing much to tell .
you beat her .
get him over here .
i need to plan my next trip .
i 'd never do that to tom .
we have a lot more to do , so we don 't have time to take a break .
where does all that confidence come from ?
i went out with mary for three months .
i think tom and mary aren 't serious .
i can 't figure out how to get this door open .
you 're older than tom .
tom said that he wasn 't planning to go .
i don 't think tom needs to worry about me .
tom didn 't know who mary thought was going to win the race .
the men i meet are all very nice .
i promise i won 't tell anybody where tom is .
i wrote a novel exactly as i wanted to write it .
tom went to boston , where he lived for three years .
mother was very busy most of the time .
give me some news !
bad weather won 't last forever .
i know tom is a few years younger than i am .
how did you come here ?
where did he find this ring ?
people don 't want to die .
the police are here .
mary says she doesn 't want to see tom anymore .
there were six sheep in the field .
how did you like the food you <unk> ?
tom said that he 's busy .
all of them considered that he was <unk> dressed for the party .
fadil couldn 't reach layla .
he lived a simple life .
i 'm not <unk> , but i also forget nothing .
tom is a construction worker .
you alone can do it , but you can 't do it alone .
the people want peace .
let me get it .
i should have asked tom if he could do that .
it is expensive to live in japan .
tom never was very good at baseball .
it 's too far to walk to the station , so let 's take a bus .
tom told me that he wanted to study french .
did tom really walk to school this morning ?
tom said that he doesn 't remember doing that .
i spent the hole night <unk> a fire .
tom denied any knowledge of that .
did you keep her picture because you still love her ?
come to think of it , i really need a <unk> .
i wish i could speak english half as well as he .
mary made it clear that she wasn 't willing to do that .
she grew up to be a beautiful lady .
but the night is really long , isn 't it ?
it 's very big these days .
what did you give her ?
because i was afraid of <unk> his feelings , i didn 't tell him the complete truth .
i wonder if i 'd be able to do that .
it won 't be your fault if your son does anything wrong : he is <unk> now , isn 't he ?
we didn 't agree to anything !
tom said he didn 't know when mary was planning on doing that .
i know that you probably don 't want to go to boston , but i 'd like you to go with us .
i know when to say when .
can i see your <unk> pass , please ?
sami was in the corner of his bedroom .
you 'd be the one to know .
tom didn 't seem to be as angry as mary seemed to be .
tom and mary could save themselves a lot of time by just doing that themselves .
i suggested that tom get some sleep .
you 've got no authority to do that .
the man standing by the door is a famous singer .
this neighborhood is completely safe now .
he killed that man .
we have less than three hours .
what could have happened to tom ?
tom and mary are just being careful .
i had a strange experience last night .
mary said she thought she could do that if she had some help .
tom and mary say that they were busy .
tom and i are in the same class .
tom didn 't need to get up as early today as he usually does .
i lost track of the time .
this play has no humor in it .
i think this is a good project .
he was rushed by <unk> to the nearby hospital .
nothing belongs to nothing , everything belongs to all .
tom came home very late .
i used to love australia .
yesterday was hot .
tom ought to have called the police .
i don 't understand your french .
the party 's on monday .
you can come whenever it is <unk> for you .
" oh , if only you would write for me . " " what exactly ? "
try on another one .
tom is probably going to be amused by what 's going on .
we asked you not to do that .
she almost lost her balance .
in the course of a month or so they all said that after all their own home in the deep was best , it was so <unk> there .
tom was unlucky .
he quit the company on the <unk> that he was ill .
we 're going to be in australia next month .
we can 't live on <unk> yen a month .
mary picked up her keys .
let 's continue from where we left off yesterday .
tom is my only real friend .
she is a student from canada , staying with my uncle .
tom teaches french to my children .
you said there was an emergency .
who was here this morning ?
mary will be able to do that by herself .
don 't you think we need this ?
i 'm really weak now .
i thought tom was rich .
tom 's eyes lit up .
i had a lot of time to think about the problem .
i 'm extremely busy .
thank you for your report .
tom said that he thought he wouldn 't be able to do that until october .
why are you being so difficult ?
why do you know so much about boston ?
tom will probably be here this afternoon .
you don 't have to do that every day , do you ?
tom is coming for dinner , isn 't he ?
if you want a thing done well , do it yourself .
i wonder if tom and mary are still <unk> .
tom was actually rather relieved to hear that .
i had a tennis match with him .
they left that for us .
the rumor isn 't true .
get a life , man .
do you know how to fix this tv ?
do you want to go to a museum with me ?
sami needs to join .
i 'll talk with you when you 're not busy .
tom said mary knew she might not need to do that until next monday .
the only flight available is a red eye flight next week .
i 'll try to say it in french .
tom said that mary would likely be able to do that .
sami was talking to farid 's girlfriend .
tom said he couldn 't do that again .
there 's really nothing i can do .
there is a wise american saying : never waste a crisis . and the current financial and economic crisis <unk> us a rare opportunity to <unk> and <unk> on where we have been going and where it <unk> .
how much milk is there left ?
i thought you were in australia .
i haven 't seen tom in years .
they wanted proof .
mary is being very <unk> today , isn 't she ?
i <unk> from her expression that she was angry .
how could tom and mary possibly have anything to do with it ?
the government turned down the request .
is she correct ?
sami was coming to pick me up .
you must not be absent from school .
didn 't i tell you that i was allergic to peanuts ?
can i take you home ?
i don 't like to have a doctor <unk> me .
they 're proud of their children .
i told tom that i didn 't want to go to australia with him .
tom is in no hurry to retire .
he is honest . that 's why i like him .
tom wasn 't in on it .
the hall could seat a thousand people before it was <unk> .
i considered that .
a really bad thing happened to him .
she said she wasn 't offended .
he was delighted after he visited his wife in the train station .
tom and mary haven 't paid their rent yet .
what do you believe in ?
i hope you can forgive me .
i 'm not bothered at all .
tom wanted to go with you .
he worked his way through college .
man is the only animal that can talk .
go and meet him , and while you 're about it mail this letter .
the plane took off at 2 : 30 .
finally it 's here .
i admit that i didn 't do what tom told me to do .
it takes just over half an hour to read this story .
watch what you 're doing .
tom told me that he didn 't speak french .
smoking is a danger to your health .
i 'm going to open up my own restaurant someday .
god is , of course , <unk> . he can understand everyone 's <unk> , no matter what language they 're in .
i thought i should say something to tom , but i didn 't know what to say .
i don 't think that tom has done that as many times as i have .
are those guys your brothers ?
sami got a new car .
tom thought that mary would be on time .
what did tom say he expected to happen ?
you will go , you will never return , in war you will <unk> .
he believes that he can do that .
what 's happening next week ?
tom seems tired this evening .
i can hide anywhere .
the fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a <unk> in taste .
tom said that he was eager to do that .
tom said he plans to do that monday .
tom told me that he thought that mary was wise .
i don 't worry about tom anymore .
what could happen ?
that 's all i care about .
tom could get hurt if he did that .
mary says she was fired .
could you tell me what needs to be done ?
where are you from anyway ?
i 'm the one who told tom not to do that anymore .
he chose not to run for the <unk> election .
things are always more complex than we think .
her face was bright with happiness .
are you sure tom and mary are happy ?
i didn 't know tom didn 't know anyone who was able to do that .
tom 's message is simple .
tom is probably going to be discouraged .
tom and mary told me that they couldn 't stay long .
they always drink their coffee strong .
tom has already given mary what she wanted .
not a <unk> of light could reach the closet .
where is the nearest supermarket ?
this book belongs here .
tom thinks mary will be early .
tom lived there all by himself .
mary says she 's never been arrested .
tom should probably not tell mary that he 's going to australia .
he sat on his bed crying .
put aside money for a rainy day .
this is how it works .
mary told me that she doesn 't want to do that anymore .
tom has a lot of friends here .
he went off in a hurry .
tom told mary that he was able to speak three languages .
i know that tom knows that he shouldn 't be doing that anymore .
tom thought he would be able to do that for me .
let 's hope it goes well tonight .
tom is probably going to buy his mother some flowers for mother 's day .
we went to the <unk> for our summer vacation .
i don 't know much about baseball .
sami started showing me more pictures of layla .
although english is not his first language , he speaks it <unk> .
everybody wants to be outside .
everyone in my family enjoys watching tv .
" have you done that already ? " " no , i haven 't done that yet . "
i lost my car keys .
anger is an energy .
he knew how to put his ideas across .
i still don 't think it 's funny .
i think you should go and visit tom .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was drunk .
that shirt doesn 't go with the pants .
to save your credit , you must <unk> your loss .
did anyone tell you what 's going on ?
are you going to be home all day ?
sami made more money .
sami drank six drinks that night .
tom was hit by a train .
he 's in pain .
i 'd like to come with you .
somebody must go with tom .
i ask a lot of questions .
tom looked exhausted .
i don 't know when i 'll have time to finish reading the rest of this book .
tom and mary said they didn 't want to fight .
thoughts and feelings are <unk> by means of words .
i thought that you wouldn 't be able to carry everything .
i suspect tom knows something .
you want to be the next one to do that , don 't you ?
please do as it seems best to you .
i 'll give tom another chance .
he came back after dark .
i am grateful to you for your kindness .
they bought a house in <unk> last year .
they have to live on his small income .
mary is hanging up the washing .
tom and mary said they felt betrayed .
tom and mary refused to admit that they were wrong .
tom must 've cried .
tom and mary said that they 'd never <unk> studied french .
i don 't know how i could have been so blind .
you may stay here if you like , as long as you keep quiet .
can you tell me the make of the <unk> 's car ?
tom is studying french already .
i love you , too , tom .
it 's definitely tom .
i 'm going to escape .
i promise you i 'll help them .
he went to see her while she stayed in london .
don 't be surprised if tom and mary do that .
tom jackson said in an interview yesterday that he thought his team would win .
tom thinks that 's normal .
tom always walks to school .
sami pretended that he couldn 't hear layla .
your city is said to be a good one .
mary told us she 'd agree to do that .
give me one reason i should do that .
tom quit doing that when he was thirty .
one must love one 's neighbor .
we know what works .
do you know how many people live in australia ?
i want to go over a few things with you .
tom is dating a girl who 's three years younger than him .
we are making a difference .
i want to play on the computer .
she is proud of her sons .
cleaning will continue today .
the two men <unk> for lady mary 's heart .
the accused told the judge that he was innocent .
how often does tom help mary with her homework ?
i know tom knows that i shouldn 't do that here .
tom says that mary speaks french .
tom wanted mary to win .
tom and mary said they 're alone .
i don 't want you to quit playing the piano .
there is a bank in front of the hotel .
he was satisfied with the work he had done .
tom is the one i gave the key to .
tom said he saw something suspicious the morning mary died .
are you sure that ken is busy now ?
it 's really very easy .
the last time i saw tom , he was <unk> about something .
his eyes are wet with tears .
the bad guys lost .
tom goes <unk> in the park every morning .
mary looked like she was enjoying herself .
i disagree with tom .
i didn 't think i had to do that today .
i didn 't think i would have to do that again .
don 't worry . i 'll talk to her .
i think i may have found a solution to your little problem .
we should act quickly .
ask at the police box over there .
it was night .
they want us to come in right away .
the rain stopped .
tom has no one to advise him .
sami didn 't change anything .
it 'll be good if tom comes here today .
ask him whether mary is at home or not .
we 're here to help tom .
she said that she plans on going .
i 'm going to be back in boston tomorrow night .
do you think that tom would 've enjoyed going to australia with us ?
he had his arm broken during the game .
don 't read the comments .
the only thing i know is that i know nothing .
i hope tom and mary show up today .
i wish we had more people to choose from .
you can 't keep doing this to yourselves .
i think tom is bright .
she wants to leave , but she can 't .
i don 't think tom would be <unk> .
what were you doing at this time yesterday ?
tom was hoping to see mary .
i lent him a magazine .
the left hand doesn 't know what the right hand is doing .
i 'm not certain , but i think so .
the walls of my room are green .
after this , nobody ever saw the ghost of the old woman again in that <unk> .
lift it .
tatoeba has lots of sentences , and hundreds or even thousands more are added every day .
tom is friendly with mary .
while we were on holiday , a neighbor took care of our cat .
what 's the damage ?
tom has been in the hospital for three weeks now .
dan wanted to find out where linda had been the <unk> night .
tom is going to need that .
what on earth are you looking for ?
tom didn 't have to tell me what had happened .
there 's nothing like hot , <unk> rice that 's just been cooked .
sami went about his business .
tom hasn 't actually been to australia .
my name 's john .
tom and mary think that they know what 's going on .
when i see him , i think of my grandfather .
i want to drink a <unk> right now .
tom gets off on that kind of thing .
i can 't take this anymore .
do you want to go home ?
i 've got nothing against you .
i thought you 'd want it back .
tom did what he should do .
i didn 't tell tom i needed to find another job .
i want to work a lot less .
we 're happy together .
they <unk> like stars in the dark , dirty building .
layla was hiding an affair with her boss .
sami was trying to keep a positive <unk> .
i wonder if tom really knows french .
it 's been raining since monday .
holmes had his hand upon the <unk> , when the door opened and a grave young gentleman in black , with a very <unk> hat , appeared on the step .
i 'm not the only person who needed to do that .
tom did that because mary told him to .
they claim that next summer will be the <unk> of the century .
tom said he didn 't plan to leave anytime soon .
i don 't really have any close friends .
sometimes too much to drink is barely enough .
i thought tom would enjoy that .
tom isn 't still hungry , is he ?
who 's that fellow over there ?
it is impossible for you to jump two meters high .
he wants a cake but doesn t need it .
aren 't you planning to do that ?
tom stayed in australia all summer .
three years ago , i would 've done the same thing .
where do you think i met her ?
we can 't send tom out there .
mary is quite rude , isn 't she ?
are you the one who usually <unk> the dishes ?
if you 'd run all the way , you would 've gotten there in time .
i suspect tom and mary are the ones who 'll have to do that .
tom must feel lonely .
the idea was simple .
tom and mary asked me to tell them why i did that .
it was white .
then the doll 's eyes began to <unk> like two stars and it came to life .
sami destroyed layla 's life .
tom 's always at home .
tom can 't afford to buy even a used car .
we 'd better wake her up .
i 'm not a big fan of tom .
i know tom didn 't know that mary was planning to do that .
let us tell you everything we know .
he may become jealous .
mary is probably going to tell tom she 's sleepy .
tom has visited boston before .
is that a country or a city ?
the car started .
we lost sight of jack in the crowd .
i don 't tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself .
tom asked mary to ask john why he wanted to do that .
you really should 've let me call a cab .
tom and mary are right where they belong .
tom ought to tell mary all about what he and john did .
stand up straight . <unk> is bad for you .
oh ! says she , if my friends are not good enough for this house , then i am not good enough for it either .
he said he thought i looked fit .
tom did what he could in the short amount of time he had .
it seems i 'm the only one who wants to do that .
why exactly do you need do that ?
i always have a tired feeling .
i almost forgot to mail the letter .
that isn 't what tom said .
tom tried his best .
i wanted to kill you .
i think he is a good driver .
it 's not a pleasant thing .
i hope nothing happened to her .
the <unk> of fifteen are three and five .
i know that tom is scary .
did you see tom ?
he isn 't so tall , is he ?
i suppose you don 't know who tom is .
quick !
tom and mary want to know when we 're going to come over and help them .
sami was there watching .
we had our chances .
i told tom that he should study french .
mary says she doesn 't believe tom really wants to do that .
what time is the game tomorrow night ?
all of my grandparents are still living .
he says he 'll do just that .
will you excuse us for a minute ?
we 've been living here since october .
did you really not know that tom was going to be here today ?
i thought that you weren 't going to tell anyone .
where is your room ?
i 'm not the one who wrote this story .
i follow orders .
tom is looking in the mirror .
tom is wearing a blue <unk> on his head .
he 's usually with his friends .
he was going to hit me !
if i were you , i 'd follow his advice .
he succeeded in climbing the mountain .
sami 's escape plan started to fall apart .
tom 's computer crashed and he lost a number of important documents .
i don 't like to make a mistake .
tom is lying in bed , fast asleep .
tom and i have already discussed that .
you didn 't seem surprised when tom and mary told you they wanted to do that .
she complained about my low salary .
you aren 't supposed to help tom do that , are you ?
he left everything to her in his will .
you should not spend more money than you earn .
i don 't want to <unk> in all the time when the two of them are fighting .
i 'm not as tall as tom is .
we can 't just let these people die .
this problem doesn 't interest me .
tom has a lot of experience in computers .
no one is above the law .
you speak esperanto , right ?
i know tom knows that mary doesn 't want to do that .
tom can both speak and write french .
you 're not dying , are you ?
tom knew there were plenty of people who agreed with him .
i 'll stick with you .
tom didn 't become a father until he was thirty .
tom went to the airport to say goodbye to mary .
i wonder why they picked tom for the job .
he 's been on the telephone for the past two hours .
they cleaned their room in a hurry .
which are you better at cooking , japanese food or chinese food ?
using english with him , i feel that we are both at different <unk> , at least from a <unk> point of view .
i want you to meet her .
tom 's expectations were too high .
where does tom plan to build his house ?
tom and mary claim that they never lie to each other .
it is more than ten years since we came to live here .
mary told me she didn 't know tom .
mary thinks she 's pretty good at guitar .
he 's eating an apple .
" i love being told i 'm cute " , said tom , a little embarrassed .
you have no idea what might happen , do you ?
when did you begin playing golf ?
i promised your mother that i 'd look after you .
tom isn 't afraid of snakes , even <unk> ones .
tell her i won 't do that .
paper <unk> remained a state secret for a long time .
how cold it was in the room !
all my friends speak french .
i could see tom and mary were unhappy .
i was too tired to walk any more .
tom knew he wasn 't likely to be able to do that .
excited girls look pretty sometimes .
i 'm considered a <unk> to this country .
i think we should ask tom and mary where they want to live .
i don 't think that tom would let mary drive .
her birthday party will be given next evening .
bob is also able to drive .
i 've always loved plants .
there 's a very good chance tom will do that .
tom said that doing that wasn 't much fun .
i 'm sorry that you had to get <unk> into this .
do you have time to eat ?
we 're the only ones here who know that tom agreed to do that .
i 'm required to wear a tie at work .
i 'm pretty sure that tom and mary weren 't the ones who did that .
i wonder whether tom and mary are really asleep .
she says she 's not hungry .
you wouldn 't happen to have any coffee left , would you ?
tom denied it .
you must keep your hands clean .
i usually don 't wear a hat .
i sure hope that tom doesn 't sing .
i cannot tell you how to <unk> this word .
you have to show respect .
they said that they isn 't ready to leave .
i hadn 't realized how boring tom was .
he 'll come before lunch if he comes at all .
where do you speak esperanto ?
let 's split it .
even though mary is sick , she 's swimming again today .
relax completely .
i saw some people there <unk> a low life .
let me know if there is anything i can do .
i want you back in australia .
tom had to walk home after his car broke down .
my legs hurt a lot .
tom and i used to work at the same place .
tom <unk> out with mary almost every day .
this is the first time tom and mary have ever complained about the smell .
tom asked mary to find out what john wanted .
tom should go to prison .
i have nothing to do with their <unk> .
i don 't think tom is innocent .
i 'd rather stay .
they became more and more nervous .
tom knew that mary was likely to be home .
tom gets bored easily .
you 've got to fight back .
tom and mary said that they loved chocolate .
mary is still mad , isn 't she ?
this isn 't drinking water .
this can be found in any dictionary .
we both need to do that .
can tom make it ? he can 't ? well , that 's <unk> .
tom thought that he was dying .
tom is likely to be unfair .
she didn 't <unk> her skin to the sun .
he showed his mother around the city .
my biggest problem at work now is having to deal with too many workers every day .
you 'd better start at once .
i don 't think that you should buy that car .
mary explained why she didn 't do that .
sami kept doing the detective work .
that 's the tom i know .
can you help me study ?
i prepared one .
tom knows that mary isn 't likely to do that today .
mary isn 't wearing her new coat .
it 's not good for anybody .
tom took out his gun .
a man cannot be made in a <unk> .
i wish i 'd kept up my french .
we need to raise prices .
do you think i really want to be doing this ?
mary gave $ 300 to each of her sons .
this is what we came for .
his men fought hard and well .
it 's not what you say , but what you do that <unk> .
i feel hurt .
rocks and <unk> are useful for us in many ways .
i am full , thank you .
i may do it yet .
tom might get <unk> if he does that .
sami asked for that .
sami was getting to graduate .
i 've lived here for 10 years .
tom thinks that mary isn 't busy .
i have to find them .
i just didn 't expect you to be here .
he made her happy .
i think that what you 're wearing is <unk> .
tom saw that he was wrong .
i hope that i can do that .
you have a dictionary , don 't you ? can i use it ?
read the article .
tom heard someone moving around in the next room .
i 'm thinking about the problem .
i told her you were happy .
tom should have said more .
bread and games .
her husband is currently living in tokyo .
do you have any idea what the population of tokyo is ?
i said to her , " you look pale . are you all right ? "
how far are we from the airport ?
how much money did they offer you ?
i don 't yet have a bus ticket .
people are drinking too much .
tom and mary said they like pizza .
you 're really <unk> , aren 't you ?
what a horrible thing !
i don 't like getting up so early in the morning .
how can we save tom ?
we just got back from australia .
he said that he won 't win .
keep notes .
it won 't be ready .
who do you usually go hiking with ?
we 've played a lot of <unk> this season .
mary 's was the only phone number tom had .
how did tom get that <unk> on his leg ?
have you ever heard someone speaking in french ?
i listen to the radio every night .
sami went to his apartment .
tom and i sat down together .
have you got jeans in my size ?
she 's living with her uncle now .
are all of tom 's brothers still in australia ?
are you going to sing with us ?
tom doesn 't have any idea what mary has to do .
you look like you could do with a drink .
the vase broken by him is my aunt 's .
tom and mary sat side by side on the sofa .
you don 't have much money but i 'm happy because i 'm with you .
mary needs you in her office .
i don 't have a cat .
i didn 't know tom knew why wanted wants to do that .
it seems unlikely that the train will arrive on time .
she gave him something to drink .
you <unk> get into trouble if you spend time with him .
it seemed to me that there was no way out of our difficulty .
we 're part of the problem .
mary isn 't much older than me , is she ?
i 'm worried about your health .
i assume tom will be the same as he was the last time we saw him .
i told you that i wasn 't going to give up .
sami bought a bottle of wine .
i have so many things to tell you that i don 't know where to start .
i do not feel like walking .
where did you go this afternoon ?
i didn 't have anything to say to tom .
i told her it was time to quit .
she <unk> that her children would forgive her .
today 's investigation technology could get information out of a tiny hair .
tom had no idea how busy mary was .
i have no interest in dancing .
tom was asleep on the couch , <unk> loudly .
i 'm proud of myself . yes , i 'm proud .
be on time .
it 's become necessary for me to do that .
tom is allowed to do that , isn 't he ?
tom is in his car .
you speak so quietly i can barely hear you .
i 'd like some more bread , please .
i hear that it has quite the reputation with coffee <unk> .
i understand this .
tom had hoped he wouldn 't be asked to do that .
tom said that he thought doing that would be a good idea .
i don 't hate anything .
what time did tom and mary say they 'd pick us up ?
i didn 't know you weren 't going to do that .
tom said he was glad you were able to do that when you were in australia .
i thought that they 'd find somebody else .
i talked to tom about that already .
tom and mary are happy with their new car .
i know nothing about it .
show yourself !
tom and mary are definitely not having much fun .
i 'll be ready to go in five minutes .
i know tom is homeless .
tom doesn 't try very hard .
tom will be in this evening .
sami wanted to <unk> himself to his religion .
they 're not prepared for this .
he 's love struck .
how am i doing so far ?
sami 's dog was in layla 's arms .
tom should tell mary not to be frightened .
put it where children can 't get at it .
i 'm coming right away .
today you have options .
i don 't think that tom will be upset .
tom is the one who know how to do that .
mary was able to do that on her own .
tom said he 's furious .
tom was raised by his uncle .
we 're going to the movies .
he 's been taught to accept things as they are .
i had thought that it would be good if i had been able to meet her there .
mary said that she didn 't really feel like doing that .
tom is in a hurry to get that done .
i don 't know exactly when he will arrive .
tell it to the cops .
tom says it was a mistake .
tom said that we were supposed to do that as well .
i went by bus as far as london .
she wore a blue dress made by her mother for the concert .
tom has been arrested several times .
i already have an envelope .
they 'll be happy that they did that .
tom made these cookies .
i just have to deal with it .
she said she 'd win .
mary wasn 't in a good mood when i talked to her this morning .
tom and mary said that they didn 't really plan on doing that .
why did tom stick around ?
we can understand everything he 's saying .
somebody has to finish this job .
now they have three children .
i probably won 't read tom 's report .
sami was looking at layla 's sister .
they 've done it before .
you owe me five dollars .
sami was sitting in the church .
i suppose tom will do that .
you think you 're pretty smart , don 't you ?
tom didn 't want to wait any longer .
we must take care that we don 't go too near to the <unk> 's castle .
tom hasn 't done much .
you translated the play from <unk> into arabic .
she 's doing the best she can .
mary has danced since she was five .
what is he so angry about ?
maybe you could fill me in .
what kind of questions do you want me to answer ?
it is as if he were to say thou <unk> not so well as i .
are you still worried ?
i think tom probably has a girlfriend already .
mary helped herself to a cup of coffee .
tom said he wasn 't willing to do that .
why do you go about being cross at people ?
why don 't you call tom up ?
i should have asked .
tom told me that he thought you could probably do that .
we ate all the <unk> we found in her room .
that 's not the way it is .
tell tom that i 'm going to do that as soon as i can .
mary said it wasn 't as hard to do that as she expected .
tom didn 't give further details .
sami wanted justice .
you could tell by the <unk> <unk> that came to his face that he really had something to smile about .
you 're showing off again .
i 'm not satisfied with you .
jail is where <unk> go to be punished .
students don 't raise their hands much .
don 't wish to go outside , turn back into yourself . inside men lives truth .
tom promised mary he wouldn 't do that anymore .
tom is likely to be there .
someone must 've made some kind of mistake .
i took my clothes to be cleaned .
to be , or not to be : that is the question .
i wasn 't happy .
i forgot to buy a present .
i didn 't like tom then and i still don 't .
it was tom 's own fault .
tom might even be <unk> than we thought he was .
i 'm quite shocked by this .
germany is famous for its beer .
he committed suicide by <unk> out of a high window .
just relax a moment .
tom said that he thought he might need to do that this week .
just lie there .
i like to spread honey on my <unk> in the morning .
tom gave me something to do .
i couldn 't keep lying to him .
it would 've been easy to do that .
i don 't like the way you 're talking to me .
why do you think tom came to australia ?
you won 't get any help from tom .
we 're all the same according to law .
can anyone answer my question ?
mary doesn 't eat red meat .
tom said that he knew that something bad was going to happen .
tom is a good team player .
he is , so to speak , a star player .
the baby is not here .
i don 't want to learn french or english .
i thought you 'd be at today 's meeting .
maybe you should try it .
how much time do you spend on homework every day ?
the air on top of the mountain was very thin .
tom said he thought he should do that .
i didn 't think tom would be foolish enough to do something like that .
if there is any left , give me some .
i didn 't mean to tell tom about that , but i did .
mary wishes she could speak french as well as she speaks english .
he received a good education .
i like all kinds of music .
i know you probably didn 't do what you were supposed to do .
actually , i have no intention to quit right now .
we can 't do that by ourselves .
my father plays golf every sunday .
sami was getting so drunk .
i couldn 't help <unk> a bit of your conversation .
the <unk> fell into the ocean and drowned .
i wish i hadn 't told tom that i 'd do that .
the <unk> who speaks french will be here next week .
she says she doesn 't know .
fill the pot with water .
i didn 't think tom would let you win .
it 's going to be fine .
i know tom will be reasonable .
tom told me that he thought that mary was alive .
fadil wasn 't going to let layla <unk> away so easily .
tom never drinks beer when mary is around .
if it hadn 't been raining yesterday , i 'd have gone .
why don 't you look in on mr <unk> on your way back ?
i thought that you were teaching tom french .
he is not such a fool but he can understand it .
i don 't think tom would have the courage to do that .
i thought tom was going to be fired .
where has she learned italian ?
it wasn 't a total loss .
tom doesn 't want mary to go anywhere without him .
tom and mary said they 'd never hurt anybody .
i 'm gonna go to sleep .
we talked about music .
he was among the first to start feeling like this .
tom said he didn 't have to do that right away .
mary was extremely embarrassed by her parents .
sami wanted to make music .
tom is thirty now .
we have too many things that need to be done .
tom hasn 't told me why he didn 't do that .
you 're <unk> to exchange your car for a more modern one .
he gave a good impression to my parents .
tom said he couldn 't find anything to eat .
i don 't think tom knows why he 's here .
we don 't have classes today .
friends help each other . just let me know what 's wrong .
i hope you don 't get injured doing that .
tom is divorced and has a daughter .
everyone thinks i 'm weird .
they thought they needed to do that .
mary gets to do whatever she wants .
tom told me you were pretty good at tennis .
he did duty at the <unk> of his health .
she takes care of herself .
how long has that been happening ?
tom said that he thought mary and john were going to break up .
i left work early and went straight home .
tom told me he thought that mary was <unk> .
he really likes the united states .
tom said that mary should 've gone to boston with john .
i thought tom would bring us something to eat .
i know tom is a <unk> of yours .
have you ever been to boston ?
how much water did you drink this morning ?
i don 't think tom knows that you 're here .
mary couldn 't do that , could she ?
doing that 's a bad idea .
tom is willing to stand by you .
have you been told why we didn 't hire you ?
it is difficult to solve this problem .
i 'd like her to stop smoking .
they are both so lovely !
you look young .
there 's nothing i can do about it .
dan 's lawyer demanded to be allowed into the room where dan was being <unk> .
tom wanted to talk to them .
tom said he 'd help me do what i needed to do .
for a few weeks , nothing special has happened .
i 'm not happy with that color .
i 'm very glad you 're here , tom .
i wonder if tom and mary are responsible for what happened .
sleep stole over us .
small secrets make big lies .
tom lives with his mom .
are your lips dry ?
my favourite colour is red .
he made me sign the paper against my will .
we can 't blame them .
i ate something that made me sick .
i knew that tom might not want to do that anymore .
i think tom is visiting boston now .
don 't let her see you .
i don 't know if he locked the door .
i haven 't yet read the book tom lent me .
does tom know he was adopted ?
i don 't enjoy playing chess .
i 've asked tom to show you how to do that .
i know that tom and mary are strong .
i reached my goal .
didn 't you know tom was a canadian ?
mary said she wouldn 't be able to do what we asked her to do .
can you run fast ?
i doubt if tom will ever do that .
he says he 's never been arrested .
you like chess , don 't you ?
it 's not a failure .
sami was too slow .
is it true that tom wants to live in boston ?
tom said that he was glad he didn 't do that .
he has a swimming pool .
i 'd better hurry .
tom didn 't look too worried to me .
sami doesn 't play this game .
tom told me that he was terrified .
i 'd like you to show tom how to do that .
we have no options .
mary is going to be here , isn 't she ?
have you got a headache ?
you 're like an old woman .
tom knew it wasn 't a good idea .
tom is more experienced than i am .
it 's not over till the fat lady sings .
sami had plenty of <unk> to murder his wife .
this program isn 't for everyone .
that 's just what i was thinking .
he hated his own kind .
they promised they 'd help us .
put your gun down .
you are telling it second hand , aren 't you ?
mary stopped herself .
i don 't hurt your animals .
i want to see her .
mary told me that she 'd look into it .
it appears that tom was mistaken .
do you see the river ?
your names are tom and mary , aren 't they ?
you have to make up the time you have lost .
they 're coming to the park by bus .
tom said that he didn 't like the taste of beer .
is he interested in me or something ?
he didn 't finish his homework .
i 'm fairly certain that tom and mary have both already done that .
they said they liked swimming .
when was the last time you rode a bike ?
trust me , you need this .
even walls have ears .
didn 't you know that tom was planning to go to boston with mary ?
i 've looked everywhere , but i can 't find my wallet .
tom won 't know whether he can do that or not unless he tries .
she thinks everything will come to a head next week .
tell tom to write me .
only one little boy survived the traffic accident .
my old car got thirty miles a <unk> .
you made breakfast , didn 't you ?
tom is a <unk> , isn 't he ?
i always spend christmas day with my parents .
i did not get here before you .
i know that you kissed tom .
it never occurred to me that she was sick in the hospital .
we love you all .
will you swim with her ?
i refuse to let you marry that man !
i want to know where you 've been .
mrs. <unk> , i 'd like to ask you something .
tom didn 't seem to know what he needed to do .
tom doesn 't think he has a chance to win .
i like the same things you do .
no one had even seen something like it .
i 'm the one who danced with the kids all night .
you haven 't seen tom today , have you ?
tom did what he always does .
" can i talk to you ? " " i have to finish to serve my <unk> . "
sami got the ball .
tom and mary will do anything we want them to do .
they told me that they forgot where they hid the key .
do you really think tom will be <unk> ?
this is a bad translation .
there 's a good chance tom will pass today 's exam .
tom says he 's tired of talking about mary .
we have to clean up .
could you please tell me where the nearest church is ?
why don 't you join me ?
sami is just as surprised as layla .
<unk> , the kind of thing one would regret was done .
you don 't have to answer any of tom 's questions if you don 't want to .
i just assumed that was the reason .
i have to give tom what he wants .
sami could save layla .
was tom happy you gave mary the job ?
they told me they were angry .
neither tom nor mary has actually ever been to boston .
do you hear what i 'm saying ?
the girls came dancing arm in arm .
i guess i should 've expected tom to leave early .
let 's not go to class .
did you tell tom what you were hired to do ?
tom and mary still have a lot of things they need to do .
tom owns a large piece of property .
i hope tom didn 't do what you told him to do .
i took off my shirt .
i don 't remember very much .
tom and mary said they 'd never see me again .
i shouldn 't have agreed to go to boston with tom .
i like trains .
we 'll try our best .
both girls laughed .
there 's a bear right behind you .
i 'm quite good at doing that .
hold on just a second , would you , please ?
nobody saw her steal the book .
we were in australia .
i don 't have very many options .
it looks like tom will be the next one to do that .
why don 't you get yourself something to drink ?
tom walked alone .
i need to know you 're ok .
as yet , i have not <unk> the sweater .
there 's no space in the room for another bed .
i don 't think tom is planning on helping us .
tom probably doesn 't know he 's not likely to be fired .
didn 't you know that tom was in australia last week ?
the food here is terrible .
tom and mary didn 't want their friends to see them cry .
tom says he 'll do whatever he can to help mary .
do you consider yourselves religious ?
tom is still crying .
we can seat you soon .
what 's your new friend called ?
tom showed me something interesting today .
to make matter worse , the traffic was bad .
the top of the mountain is covered with snow .
tom said he 's prepared to help me .
tom knows you 're here .
i 've heard they don 't let girls in this club .
how many hours do you think tom has spent doing that so far ?
tom called mary from a pay phone .
tom said that mary agreed to do that .
tom wasn 't in a good mood when i talked to him this morning .
both tom and mary wanted to be <unk> .
i got an email from tom this morning .
they tried their best to look happy .
who else do you plan to invite ?
i forgot to ask him what his name was .
we know that you aren 't stupid .
could i change my appointment to 10 : 30 <unk> ?
the mother was disappointed at her son when she found out the <unk> he had committed .
are you saying that tom 's crazy ?
i don 't think tom is weak .
let 's paint the town red .
i am good at math .
when was the last time you heard from tom ?
why are you always so angry ?
tom didn 't want me to come to boston .
do you have health insurance ?
the boy turned around then .
so , <unk> , have you decided on your dream home yet ?
who needs them ?
i have to break her of the habit .
he does not like tennis .
what 's your favorite fast food ?
what was tom doing in your room ?
i got home late yesterday .
he said he could help us today .
sami should be honest with me about it .
don 't go out with him .
i know tom wasn 't supposed to do that by himself .
i 'm mary 's boyfriend .
he has said he 'll do that .
sami likes her .
we 're changing the rule .
why does that surprise you ?
mary will do that if you pay her to .
that 's what i 'm trying to do .
i 'm trying to spare your feelings .
tom won the <unk> for " best kiss " .
sami lived with his aunt .
they make themselves out to be <unk> than they really are .
how much for that red hat ?
tom said that probably won 't happen .
you can 't make us leave .
why don 't you call it a day ?
tom and mary are always asking me to get things for them .
that 's why we like each other .
what a pair !
have you been getting enough exercise ?
we will be together forever .
i don 't think that tom is a very good leader .
i didn 't know you didn 't do that by yourself .
the young man must have felt very desperate when he <unk> to such a terrible act .
make more effort to understand this text .
he took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall .
why does she have only one <unk> on ?
all the eggs went bad .
tom didn 't even say he was sorry .
i can 't do anything but obey him .
do you want to buy a <unk> ball ?
he said that he would buy it .
i hope no one saw us .
mary smiled at the crowd .
i didn 't think tom and mary were making any sense .
tom was in a fight last night and lost a few teeth .
i 'm sorry i didn 't do what you asked .
tom and mary say that they have everything they need .
sami still has those pictures of layla .
mary is completely <unk> , isn 't she ?
i don 't do that well .
i got almost everything wrong .
i couldn 't do that anytime soon .
my skin is as white as milk , my hair as golden as <unk> <unk> ; i am as fresh as the leaves in spring .
tom said that he knew he wouldn 't win .
tom isn 't the one responsible for doing that .
is that why you called ?
we should always try to help others .
that makes things clear .
tom really should 've told mary what needed to be done .
tom rolled his window down .
tom and mary often work together on monday .
i 'm going to europe by way of <unk> next week .
tom has suggested a solution to the problem .
well then , it becomes a matter of urgent concern to the <unk> of this <unk> list whether the guilty party <unk> or not .
she has things she needs to do .
sami never talked about it .
i would offer you a coffee if you had the time .
tom doesn 't seem upset .
she was very strict with her children .
i think we should be proud of ourselves .
tom isn 't good enough for mary .
has tom confessed to anything yet ?
don 't drink .
you really know how to get under my skin .
you made up your mind to go to law school , didn 't you ?
he helped me fix my watch .
she isn 't very organized , is she ?
i don 't think that tom knows anyone who does that
i think that tom and mary like to play tennis together .
how many times did tom call you yesterday ?
i don 't think tom will be upset .
tom isn 't a kid anymore .
soon you 'll know everything .
i can 't swim as well as i used to .
the two of them fought for the prize .
the path through the forest was completely covered in snow .
i thought doing that would be easier .
was tom a friend of yours ?
do you expect us to believe that ?
tom loves mary , but she doesn 't love him .
that was your choice .
they claimed that they won .
tom has the best <unk> collection i 've ever seen .
let 's think about next year next year .
tom needs to be caught .
i 'm the one who told tom what happened .
i eat to live .
sami was standing with layla 's group .
what 're you doing up here ?
there are a lot of big cities in brazil .
let 's take turns .
this is the first time tom has been in love .
see if you can do something to help tom .
tom can ski just as well as mary .
the toy store is closed .
what were you doing in my apartment ?
if you turn right , city hall will be right in front of you .
tom looks a lot younger than mary .
tom said it 's hard to <unk> what caused the problem .
sami called back his bank .
i 'd like you to keep this a secret .
tom and mary are ready to do exactly what you 've asked them to do .
they told me they wanted to die .
any word from tom ?
my father is taking a walk in the park .
tom said mary wasn 't usually home on monday .
i had to pay no less than <unk> dollars for this watch .
let 's go ahead and do that now .
this works differently .
tom only talks to mary .
tom didn 't know mary had gone to boston .
we can 't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them .
sami has been <unk> and depressed for weeks .
tom apologized to us for being late .
we 'll go to paris next weekend .
he came from one of the <unk> families in america .
are you looking for this ?
thanks for not telling me .
tom said that he wasn 't single .
they said they didn 't mean to hit me .
tom was with me all morning .
they said they planned to go .
i 'll put the old bridge back .
which hotel will you be staying at ?
tom allowed his children to go swimming .
they 're over there , you know , with their dog .
tom and mary said they were going to do that themselves .
i 've been looking forward to this all week .
be still .
i have to go back to work .
tom said mary was afraid to do that .
there 's a sandwich here .
that 's something that you should do in advance .
finally , we have all field names in <unk> , which will be of great help to our <unk> .
everyone 's different .
she wants to find a husband .
she told me that she 's skeptical .
tell them we 're looking into it .
are you angry at tom ?
tom says he will never go there again .
you need to have breakfast .
i came to talk to you about tom .
how often do you go to movies ?
this watch is twice as expensive as that one .
i was upset .
tom and mary said they were happy .
tom got very annoyed about his <unk> turning up <unk> several times in a couple of months .
i know what to expect .
the <unk> was up and the performance had started .
i think you have too many <unk> of shoes .
i hope that you 'll follow my advice .
my mother used to be into tennis .
sami had six daughters .
he felt a pain in his side .
i didn 't tell tom i was sorry .
it was tom who asked mary to come here .
i knew tom was likely to do that .
do you want to hear the truth about this matter ?
" link , i need you . " " finally ! i 'll take off my clothes ! " " not in that sense , silly . today is father 's birthday ! " " the king has a birthday ? ! " " yes . you 'll be in charge of the <unk> and i 'll invite the guests ! "
tom said he wouldn 't do that for mary .
everybody will have to <unk> in to save the environment .
i pay fifty pounds a week for board and <unk> .
as long as you do what you 've been told , we 'll have absolutely no problem .
i sold my house last month .
hey , what 's this ?
i 've discovered a good way to do that .
tom did a lot better today than he usually does .
" did you kill mary ? " " no , i did not . "
tom and mary both know john is innocent .
you should at least try doing that .
my , how things change !
tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that today .
the party was , on the whole , successful .
do you three ever go to australia together ?
mary can 't go out today because she 's sick .
tom was hoping we wouldn 't need to do that .
the next night i came and i had the same new <unk> .
we all make mistakes , right ?
how much cash do you carry ?
tom and mary said they 'd be there tomorrow .
where are your boots ?
my bags are packed .
layla was playing with her hair .
the country needs a change .
get tom to help you .
tom is suffering from cancer .
he said that he was single .
i 'm really excited .
get the meaning of a word from its <unk> .
he often tells us we must help one another .
tom doesn 't need you to do that again .
he is a good person .
why did you let this happen ?
since neither one of us could afford to take the other to the movies , we went <unk> .
this is an excellent wine .
layla is pregnant with sami 's baby .
they may not be as happy as they seem .
i didn 't know that would <unk> tom .
i don 't think it 'll be difficult for tom to do that .
your ideas are hardly practical .
even when she 's not wearing makeup , she 's very beautiful .
i can 't complain .
how often do you go to australia with tom ?
i don 't know why tom and mary hate each other .
tom lives with mary like a dog and a cat .
tom said that he was done for the day .
nothing will ever change here .
don 't be so foolish .
if you don 't water the plants , they will <unk> .
i knew i 'd seen it <unk> before .
they 're a lot like i was at their age .
tom got on his motorcycle and drove off .
it is time to give it to you .
tom is the only one who knows that mary 's phone number .
the boat was tied with a short line .
i think i 'm just tired .
tom will call me around six .
i 'd very much like to hear your opinion .
sami sent layla a link .
tom and mary couldn 't open their hands .
black and white photos have a special <unk> .
why does she want to do this anyway ?
they 're probably americans .
tom said that he doesn 't think that mary really wants to do that again .
as far as i know , she is still missing .
i will travel all around the world .
i was born in boston in 2013 .
follow your dreams .
sami needs his own space .
tom and mary have <unk> in their backyard .
mary promised tom that she wouldn 't do that anymore .
i 'm one of tom 's teachers .
i 'm really happy for you , tom .
do you think you 'd be miserable doing that ?
i knew that today would be fun .
they said that they 've been told not do that .
i wonder what it feels like to be rich .
i haven 't written a letter to anyone in a long time .
please look up the first train to london in the <unk> guide .
tom and mary know something they 're not telling us .
i heard the question .
that 's all i 'm looking for .
i can do that with one hand tied behind my back .
right is right and wrong is wrong .
we need both .
we 're trying .
i 'm trying to reach tom .
why don 't you go out and get a drink with tom ?
do you have your own bedroom ?
he made a false statement to the police .
mary asked tom what he 'd do in her shoes .
that won 't be difficult to do .
there 's nothing else you can do .
i don 't think that i 'll ever be able to afford to buy a house .
thank you for helping me to do my homework .
tom is my husband .
sami was almost six feet .
we might not go to australia this spring .
mary told tom she was married .
everyone except tom ate pizza .
i 'm giving you all i can .
i don 't think tom knows why mary is afraid of his dog .
tom doesn 't want to talk about school .
you 're a lot younger than tom is .
sami gave layla weed cookies .
he asked me if he could hold my hand .
tom asked mary to stop eating so much <unk> food .
the piano won 't go through that door .
i 'm still thinking about her .
i wish i 'd never told tom about what happened .
she and her father were both there .
i hope to return to france .
she told me that she was serious .
i was surprised when tom told me mary didn 't need to do that .
i thought i heard them come in .
have you got a dog ?
sami shot in the same direction .
is there anybody waiting at the bus stop ?
mary hasn 't yet found what she 's looking for .
they said that they weren 't free .
they managed to do that by themselves .
come into the room after me .
i wonder whether or not tom will show up tonight .
i was just curious .
japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides .
how often does tom take french lessons ?
we were all so hungry .
there 's no need to get so angry . keep your temper .
sami wrote to layla about it .
a little sleep and i 'll be as good as new .
we may have a shower today .
tom was unable to get mary to do anything .
i graduated from university last year .
i knew that tom was a better student than mary was .
just give me your gun .
what are your conditions ?
sami 's <unk> was all in layla 's head .
i don 't know how to draw , nor do i have the <unk> of an artist .
tom had red <unk> all over his body .
did you hear about the time tom tried to kill mary ?
tom enjoyed the challenge .
i want to know how tom did that .
sami <unk> it and found out what it was .
tom realized that mary didn 't want to be there .
tom and i often go mountain climbing together .
mary said she 's been asked not do that again .
tom stole something from the store where mary works .
i can 't get down .
it began to rain before i got home .
the problem with many things is the <unk> ideas we have about them !
tom has been really good to me .
why does everyone think that tom and i are stupid ?
tom isn 't insane , but mary is .
did you speak to them yesterday ?
i wish we hadn 't done that .
we 're not the only ones who have to do this .
do you care about the environment ?
tom and mary learned how to swim when they were very young .
neither am i .
when tom told mary what he had done , she started crying .
i have to do something else now .
she told me she wants to win .
what is she doing here ?
we want to take the next step .
you 're just the man i want to see .
i don 't know if tom and mary plan on going or not .
i 'm not sure that 's what tom and mary want to do .
mary is taking care of what she can .
they told me they 're thirsty .
she looks like she 's frustrated .
why don 't you just tell them ?
i know that tom can draw .
tom said that he doesn 't really want that to happen .
i can 't seem to reach him .
" look - there 's a fire ! ! " <unk> dan .
you have made all my dreams come true .
please don 't smoke <unk> no matter what .
tom is likely to be sleeping now .
i don 't think that tom knows he isn 't likely to be fired .
can you <unk> a seat on the airplane for me ?
mary said she thought that tom was a teacher .
i have a <unk> that tom is right .
mary hates parties .
i already told my parents .
i feel sorry for tom because he always has to do that .
sami never said this to layla .
tom never could sing very well .
tom will be there three days .
tom is going to have to <unk> this .
the pain will eventually go away .
i don 't think tom and mary have studied french for very long .
do you really think mary can take care of herself ?
an <unk> person would sell even his own mother down the river .
tom knows something that we don 't know .
i liked the discussion with him .
tom and mary said they 're thirsty .
i had issues i had to deal with .
they did what had to be done .
tom doesn 't know what became of mary after she graduated from high school .
i 'm pretty upset .
i know that you didn 't go to boston .
what is this year ?
he is the man who i believe can help you .
he doesn 't like to wait until the last moment to do something .
dan was arrested for stealing a phone at the supermarket .
my uncle has seen a lot of life .
if you have questions , please come to my office hours .
he put all his stuff in a box .
mary says she doesn 't think that 'll happen .
how long have you two been going out together ?
" <unk> , " said the cat and it looked at me .
does tom remember anything ?
mary wants her father to buy her a <unk> .
she did what she felt like doing .
death is everyone 's fate .
she ordered the dog to sit .
my hands are full .
you 're one lucky girl .
i 'm going to help you .
love the earth .
don 't be difficult .
it 's a subject we all know .
the wind grew stronger and stronger .
tom knows i 'm not afraid of anybody .
she 's the only one who survived .
i don 't think that you 're being <unk> .
things will get easier from now on .
why don 't you come inside ?
will you be able to pick up the <unk> ?
i will teach you a tough lesson !
tom had a perfect record .
tom didn 't have to do that .
tom couldn 't say anything else .
be like the <unk> tree - the more it gets pressed by the <unk> , the <unk> and more beautiful its rise to the top .
the prices are <unk> , so shop around .
mary told me she wanted to die .
i got a pair of new shoes .
sami arrived at layla 's house .
mary looks like she 's wealthy .
he told me that he 'd been careless .
tom and mary said they did it the wrong way .
i don 't think that tom is reliable .
tom usually doesn 't do his homework in the kitchen .
you 'll won 't get the chance to do that .
whoever hasn 't saved anybody has made no enemies for himself .
i didn 't know that tom did things like that .
there 's a rumor that the president will resign .
with respect to this question , there are three opinions .
she told me that she was wealthy .
if i had ten eyes , i could read five books at the same time .
sami 's perfect life went up in smoke .
be careful that the <unk> doesn 't break .
i know tom won 't ask mary to do that .
boston is the city that i like best .
i thought you said that you weren 't going to smoke anymore .
none of this matters .
mary loves her dog .
she put her sunglasses back on .
with the car stolen , there was nothing for it but to walk .
i should 've given tom what he wanted .
i 'll try to figure out a way to do that .
tom and mary said they wanted a better job .
tom is sleeping in his bedroom .
what was dan 's phone doing in the <unk> ?
we don 't need anyone 's help .
is there anything you need to do today ?
i can 't choose where to go on vacation .
tom thought mary wouldn 't forgive him .
the sun is our most important source of energy .
tom says he didn 't know mary wanted to go to australia with him .
they say they 're feeling kind of tired .
you looked very busy .
i know that i 'm doing the right thing .
tom thinks he 's better than mary .
life must be <unk> and we have to look ahead .
tom is more than twice mary 's age .
i think that tom will likely be there tonight .
i suspect that tom may have to do that .
does tom still think that 's all he has to do ?
she blew on her hands to warm them .
the search party found him lying at the foot of a <unk> .
the problem is finding tom .
it is certain that he helped them for the <unk> of himself .
tom wanted mary to come .
it 's for my family .
sami prepared a surprise party .
mary doesn 't think she wants to do that right now .
i had no idea that tom was going to win .
i think this is a waste of time .
tom wasn 't cruel .
both tom and mary broke their legs skiing .
good to see you , tom .
my feelings for tom haven 't changed .
it was only an accident .
tom and i 'll be doing that together .
what 's your decision ?
i have never been particularly strong in mathematics .
tom has known mary much longer than i have .
tom said that he thought that mary was planning on going to australia with him .
tom soon realized that no one was paying any attention to him .
tom can 't remember how to use the <unk> .
i won 't be able to go to the <unk> .
tom is <unk> , but mary isn 't .
i 'm at the station now .
i know that you won 't like it in boston .
what i 'm telling you is true .
tom said he may possibly do that .
it 'll take you at least three hours to do that .
she left here long before you arrived .
our success depends on whether he helps us or not .
it is going to rain this afternoon .
people have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history .
he hadn 't eaten in two days .
what did tom and mary do exactly ?
listen to her .
where 's the men 's room ?
where is the south station ?
at last , you are going to be a june <unk> .
i 'm a different person now .
what 's the point of us being here ?
you don 't seem to be as happy as tom is .
he has worked out a <unk> way to get the job finished .
how many hours do you think it 'll take tom to do that ?
this magazine has a picture of the queen .
you have to understand the circumstances .
i wonder why tom pretended he didn 't understand french .
tom said that mary is desperate .
you two stay here .
i don 't eat .
my advice was not lost upon her .
tom said that he hopes you won 't let mary do that .
i 've always wanted to be a professional musician .
sami was dying , surrounded by his <unk> .
tom says that he can speak six languages .
mary gave me a notebook full of her favorite <unk> .
you can 't imagine how hard it was for tom .
what hurts you ?
tom said he thought that he couldn 't win .
i applied to the school for the <unk> assistant position .
sami went back to get his stuff .
i hope i 'll have a chance to see you the next time i 'm in boston .
she is an actor .
tom says he doesn 't want to do that with you .
he told me he ate way too much .
tom tried to learn french .
my brother has many more good books than i do .
i wonder whether tom will really go to australia .
i had no idea you 'd be here .
i gave my weapons away .
thanks for having arrived so early .
tom had trouble thinking straight .
<unk> and i live in the same house .
i don 't think tom can do that without our help .
washing dishes is something i don 't really enjoy doing .
you should wait for tom .
tom just bought it a couple of days ago .
he isn 't in his bedroom , is he ?
they denied they laughed .
i know tom won 't ask mary to do that for john .
you 're still taller than me .
mary hates halloween .
we 've got to help him .
the other day i ran into <unk> in kyoto .
tom went to a very small high school .
time , i know what it is ... until asked .
tom likes horses , doesn 't he ?
in winter , i often suffer from <unk> .
now let 's move on .
tom , i want you to stop this .
he is very much interested in japanese history . we are surprised at his <unk> knowledge of the subject .
i soon grew to love my apartment .
that 's not what i think .
i just need some sleep .
one of mary 's problems is that she can 't read .
i went there early to get a good seat .
tom said i have to do that .
do you want to eat anything ?
tom didn 't want to hurt mary .
many people are allergic to peanuts .
i 'll go home at 2 : 30 .
does tom know we don 't want him to do that ?
i can 't bring myself to do that .
i thought tom would say hello to mary .
let mary watch what she wants .
they spoke too quickly for me to understand .
tom wasn 't here then .
i wrote to him to come immediately .
tell tom he shouldn 't do that .
what <unk> do you know how to cook ?
perhaps tom is still in love with mary .
i 'm not cool .
tom is your boyfriend , isn 't he ?
i thought you were together .
tom 's homeless .
why else do you like it ?
let 's play tennis .
none of you have any idea what i 've been through .
that doesn 't sound very exciting .
i 'm so vain .
i 'm sure tom had to work late .
we 'll have a meeting and later we can take a walk .
mary hasn 't yet told us what she needs to do .
tom didn 't need to wait for us , but he did .
i must remember to buy that book tomorrow .
i know that tom is <unk> his authority .
i know tom won 't like the <unk> mary made .
tom said he was going to catch the 2 : 30 train .
you have one kid , don 't you ?
tom has to go .
how many eggs do you eat per day ?
i should have done that with tom .
does tom still want to come ?
a policeman was beside us , his notebook in his hand .
i must ask <unk> his new address and telephone number when i see him .
i didn 't know that you needed to do that by yourself .
mary told me she was very happy .
in a desperate attempt to escape , tom <unk> a school bus but was quickly <unk> by the police .
do you like your brother ?
tom needed to fill out lots of <unk> .
did you ever talk to tom ?
tom did better than us .
why do you want to stop doing that ?
being poor is expensive .
i 'd <unk> heard tom was looking for me before i turned around and there he was , as big as life and twice as ugly .
she said that she wasn 't overweight .
i want to learn how to play the <unk> .
we 're not waiting for the bus .
tom didn 't want to leave his kids behind .
i thought i put it in the car .
she rushed to the window to check what was going on outside .
what questions do you have about turkey ?
i thought no one really believed in ghosts .
tom said that he wished that mary hadn 't convinced him to do that .
tom will really be pleased .
it 's not too far to walk .
why do guys always have to act so tough and <unk> ?
tom died of natural causes in 2013 .
i 've had it up to here with you guys .
he could do anything he wanted .
tom said he was unable to win .
why are they doing that ?
tom is swimming in the pool .
could you please say that once again in french ?
i 'm certain tom will do what he says he 'll do .
mary is ready to start , isn 't she ?
tom is ready to start .
i knew i didn 't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done .
i haven 't put on all that much weight .
sami is very scared .
how often are tom and mary late for work ?
how did you pass the time ?
never play here .
i don 't get in <unk> with people .
it 's your own fault .
" i just love double <unk> , tom ! " - " yeah ? i don 't find them entirely <unk> myself , maria . "
with all the <unk> since this morning i 'd almost forgotten but we 've still got the problem of the club members haven 't we ?
it 's beginning to rain . please share my umbrella .
layla is coming to the <unk> but she doesn 't have a date .
this was the moment they had all been waiting for .
tom has been in boston for a while .
tom was really tired when he got home .
you can 't prove it .
sami knows layla 's cousin .
sami was selling weed .
i finished the race .
you aren 't depressed , are you ?
sami was safe .
was it an explosion ?
we shouldn 't have let you do that .
who would 've thought tom would change ?
tom said he 'd only stay for a few hours .
i 'll see tom tonight .
i don 't know what to make of all this .
i just met the most beautiful woman i 've ever seen .
has tom eaten anything today ?
i hope that you can get that done soon .
tom knew that there was a possibility that mary wouldn 't do that .
he was very unhappy , wasn 't he ?
tom doesn 't actually speak much french .
tom looked at the painting on the wall .
we gave tom some apples .
tom said he didn 't have experience doing that .
i didn 't know that you were french teachers .
we were just hanging out .
he did not go to college for nothing .
tom is waiting downstairs , isn 't he ?
i admire you for your courage .
tom <unk> help , but no one came .
tom said that he wasn 't the only one who wanted to do that .
i heard something that grabbed my attention .
aren 't you going to kiss me ?
you shouldn 't trust him .
you don 't give up , do you ?
sami 's bike is all wet .
tom and mary looked like they were sleepy .
mistakes were made .
tom wasn 't killed in the explosion .
he 's like his grandfather .
don 't put off the work till tomorrow .
did you live in boston when you were in <unk> school ?
i 've been saving it for a special <unk> .
tom is the one who convinced mary to try to do that .
tom said he may go to boston for <unk> .
tom and mary had something they needed to talk to john about .
tom got on the airplane .
tom lives in a small town about three hundred kilometers from here .
i heard them coming .
he handed down books from the shelf .
tom is convinced that mary should to do that .
tom hasn 't been studying very hard .
tom thought that mary would forget to do that .
something had to be said .
we 're both the same age .
mary said we could ask her any questions we liked .
i should be able to do that on my own .
she never admitted she was wrong .
i know that tom is almost always late .
tom wanted to be alone .
this teacher has some sort of interest in me .
it was like something out of a <unk> .
this discussion is getting too political .
tom has been there for over three years .
i thought that you had convinced tom to help us .
mary wanted the job , but they didn 't hire her .
sami walked back into the supermarket .
both countries are now at peace .
most of the station <unk> as it fell through earth 's atmosphere .
they explained their decisions .
tom said mary didn 't look like she was tired .
i wonder whether tom thought it was a bad idea to do that .
i wasn 't trying to be hero .
i don 't think that tom is a <unk> .
i never drink unless there 's a big event of some kind .
sami is going to be moving to egypt .
what color is his sweater ?
these are nice .
i haven 't been to boston in years .
that 's a sensitive issue .
mary looks like she always does .
for some reason i don 't like tom .
tom used the money mary gave him to buy something to eat .
move a little !
the heart of man is the place the devil <unk> in ; i feel sometimes a hell within myself .
i don 't think that you can sell that .
sami wasn 't paying much attention to layla .
tom knows how to answer the question .
mary is very <unk> , isn 't she ?
i have been to australia once when i was in college .
i saw tom and mary just this morning .
sami already looked like he was a junior or a <unk> .
tom says he doesn 't know why mary wants him to meet her in the park .
tom won 't be permitted to do that .
here he comes .
it 's good that that didn 't happen to us .
we can 't give you any more details at this time .
someone came into our house and stole some stuff while we were sleeping .
let me have the novel when you have done with it .
you can take a horse to water , but you can 't make him drink .
if it were not for his <unk> , we could not carry out the project .
tom didn 't tell us why we should come .
i think tom will call mary .
tom told me that he 's jealous .
people lie every day .
do tom and mary have to do more ?
i always do what i promise i 'll do .
sami 's mom called him .
i 'll be ready .
i 'm sure you 'll enjoy the party .
i know that you 'd have done the same for me .
i 'm glad you changed your mind .
had i known the truth , i would have told it to you .
mary said she doesn 't think it would be wise to do that .
tom and mary have broken up .
tom said that he thought mary wouldn 't have to do that .
i don 't think tom cares very much .
please let me know .
is this color okay ?
how deep is that lake ?
i didn 't feel like eating .
how many <unk> are there on this island ?
sami walked into layla 's room .
i don 't have long .
tom didn 't know whether he 'd be allowed to do that .
tom is going to return tomorrow .
it is still difficult for me to talk about <unk> <unk> such as the economy or <unk> , because those are not very familiar words for me .
i don 't think tom is a very good chess player .
he could hurt himself .
i will have some vacation days .
ask anybody who 's had a chance to meet <unk> in person , and they 'll tell you just how easy it is to warm up to him .
we may never know who killed tom .
the party was anything but pleasant .
one of tom 's <unk> is the food .
tom says that australia is a great place to live .
what was the matter with them ?
i 'm sorry that i couldn 't help you yesterday .
he is given to music .
i just hope tom and mary don 't get too close .
i wonder whether or not tom was lying .
it can 't be done .
tom told me that he hoped that mary wouldn 't be hesitant to do that .
i don 't think tom is a bad guy .
i have eaten a lot this morning .
we drink water .
there 's a gentleman downstairs who says that he wants to speak to you .
the air <unk> has got out of order .
why does he like working here ?
doesn 't that mean anything to you ?
where did you give them birth ?
you need to work faster .
mary went to college , didn 't she ?
we can 't allow tom to continue <unk> that way .
mary said she didn 't want to do that now .
i have one in the car .
i had my reasons for doing that .
they told me they were happy here .
i 'd have done that by myself if tom hadn 't been there .
tell tom when you 're ready .
i 'm going to see the world .
you have to <unk> the data before you send it .
ken is tall , not me .
when did that fat cat eat the little yellow bird ?
i 'm flying to boston tomorrow .
how well do tom and mary speak french ?
it 's neither good nor bad .
she lost her driver 's license .
smoking is not allowed in the restaurant .
i don 't mind sitting by myself .
tom has been going to night school .
tom has an opinion on everything .
that never occurred to me .
i can 't see them .
tom said he doesn 't think mary really did that .
he stood looking at the sky .
i thought that tom was going to be able to meet me at the airport .
he intended to enter the political world at a <unk> opportunity .
i 'll thank you for some more tea .
if you wind up the doll with the key on the side of its <unk> it will <unk> its arms round and go forward doing <unk> .
it looks like you 're <unk> at doing that than tom .
tell tom we 're ready to leave .
ask them to call me .
sami doesn 't really like this .
i knew tom didn 't want to do that today .
people who talk about themselves all the time <unk> me .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be able to do that in three hours .
tom is really angry .
tom and mary are thinking about getting married .
i think something 's wrong with tom .
for what the soul is to the body , a good prince is to the <unk> .
would you like to take a <unk> around the park with me ?
tom is wounded .
sami kicked farid out of his wedding .
it 's a perfect day .
i have time to do that today .
i wish i had eaten something else .
i 'm no longer working for them .
i wish i were as handsome as he .
tom told me he thought mary would be hesitant to do that .
you aren 't really going to do that , are you ?
you don 't need to leave immediately .
where is tom planning to take pictures ?
my father took us to the zoo .
tom told me he 's interested .
he was raised in the united states , but his native language is japanese .
we 're making a <unk> for the firm .
i was afraid of being put into a closet .
one american was killed in the fight .
what time are you getting up ?
we played extremely hard .
love what you do .
my <unk> have taught me that the only rule in life is " every man for himself . "
sami changed the price .
i still don 't think that tom should be doing that .
sami had to call his mom .
tom would 've become a <unk> if his mother had let him .
i can see right through you .
you didn 't tell me tom was going to boston with us .
tom said mary was too tired to help john do that today .
tom didn 't know mary 's last name .
i don 't need you looking over my shoulder .
sami 's bicycle has been stolen , too .
they 'd better <unk> up their report or it won 't be accepted .
i 'm here and i 'm happy .
i wouldn 't have done the same thing .
he set things in order in his room .
tom doesn 't always arrive on time , but mary usually does .
tom said he thought doing that wouldn 't be much fun .
i thought mary knew what she had to do .
tom and mary sat at the bar drinking by themselves .
mary told tom that she thought john wasn 't the last one to do that .
some other boys came along .
look what she brought me for my birthday !
tom told me that he 's afraid .
maybe tom and mary don 't know they shouldn 't do that .
she is a very dear girl .
mary should probably not tell tom she 's going to do that .
i object to going there .
i told mary that i wanted to go to boston , but i didn 't tell her why .
tom can 't make me sing .
there 's a <unk> chance that tom will be late .
believe whatever you wish .
" how do you feel ? " he asked .
you were afraid , weren 't you ?
they said they were pleased .
will you let me try once more ?
dan rejected linda 's idea to <unk> everything to the press .
i have a lot of things to do this afternoon .
i knew tom would let you do that by yourself .
i know a very good way to get it done .
tell me why he 's crying .
she met him the day before , that is to say may <unk> .
it would be rude to do that now .
i 'll get tom to do that for mary .
tom said that he thought that mary wasn 't very busy .
she shouldn 't have done what she did .
tom is drunk again , isn 't he ?
tom and mary don 't like <unk> , so they didn 't eat any .
tom 's house was struck by lightning and burned to the ground .
tom doesn 't have as much patience as i do .
he said he wanted to leave early .
they said they enjoy teaching french .
tom was placed under house arrest .
it looks like someone 's jealous .
they have been struck by lightning three times .
have you talked to her lately ?
the most incredible thing about <unk> is that they happen .
tom had to come clean .
i know tom is careless .
we called the dog something after our <unk> .
he 's done business with this company for years .
tom and mary will do whatever you ask them to .
i treat you to a cup of coffee .
bring him a drink .
tom said that he thought that mary wouldn 't win .
will he come this evening ?
have you caught any big fish ?
the reason is simple .
i just meant it as a joke .
i don 't really believe that nonsense .
did you talk to your new classmates yesterday ?
mary says she hopes tom tries doing that .
i don 't think i 'll do that .
tom is exhausted from shopping all day with mary .
will you come or not ?
he got it wrong , didn 't he ?
i suspect that tom and mary need to do that right away .
how many of you know tom ?
i think he wants you to notice him .
may i borrow your pen ?
they told me that they felt sick .
when are you moving to your new house ?
tom still does that as often as he can .
you won 't succeed unless you work hard .
mary said she 'd probably do that .
i understand you have a problem and want some help .
where were you when tom needed help ?
that guy 's got a big mouth .
the affair ran more <unk> than we expected .
let me give you my personal opinion .
there was not a single word of <unk> from them .
mary sleeps with her socks on .
i don 't think that tom would still be awake .
she said she 's never done that .
where did you find these ?
tom and mary said they didn 't swim .
can you come ?
i thought that only happened to other people .
tom asked me if i could give him a job .
tom said mary thought that she might be allowed to do that today .
there 's something i need to explain .
the doctor told you to stay in bed until your fever goes down , didn 't he ?
prices have been <unk> for the past three years .
just like here .
i haven 't missed a single meeting .
i know that tom used to be a car <unk> .
tom tried to show mary how to do it .
that 's the reason i was late today .
we 've ordered a pizza .
is that a serious question ?
tom and mary said that they weren 't going to do that again .
ok , enough already !
what makes you think tom will listen to you ?
what will tom say ?
never before has there been so much snow .
tom enjoyed his trip to france much more because he had spent the summer <unk> up his french .
here are a few reasons .
they aren 't as <unk> as they used to be .
two months have passed since he left for france .
how many black and white movies have you watched ?
please choose me a tie for this suit .
i want to know that what i 'm doing is right .
i feel as though i 've committed <unk> , although i know that that makes no sense .
i 'll tell you if you help me .
tom is going to be <unk> all day .
people all over the world are anxious for peace .
i need to go to the bathroom .
tom and mary said they were the only ones who wanted to do that .
i don 't think i 'm going to be able to do that by myself .
i seem to have a fever .
tom didn 't need to ask for help .
tom paid that bill for me .
sami will never rest until he sees layla well again .
did tom kiss you ?
tom rushed into the room .
i thought that you 'd be in boston this week .
tom is waiting for mary to get home .
she told me that if i don 't stop smoking she 's going to <unk> me . sounds like an <unk> to me !
i thought tom and mary were coming home with you .
the weather won 't be fine .
sami didn 't force hijab upon his sister .
i must give back the book to him by tomorrow .
did you have a lawyer ?
i had to take care of her baby .
i have to escape .
i study after dinner .
all this is simple and easy to understand .
a woman <unk> of stealing $ 1 million from her <unk> , started off by helping herself to a few dollars from the till a couple of times a week .
i don 't want to <unk> you , but let 's try to catch the next bus .
have you met tom and mary ?
tom said that he wanted more details .
every woman was shocked at the sight .
no one is supposed to know about that yet .
tom and mary were paid thirty dollars for what they did .
that 's not going to happen any time soon .
you look just like your father .
i don 't know anything about tom at all .
i have been on a diet for more than a year .
tom seemed to be relaxed .
it 's going to be over in a minute .
what shall i put on : <unk> or a skirt ?
i have already read today 's paper .
mary is having a new dress made .
it is nice to be among family .
i 'm in charge of that .
she said she wasn 't overweight .
tom doesn 't think mary would be motivated to do that .
tom figured if mary could do that , he could too .
mary has no close friends to help her with her problems .
i speak berber like my native tongue .
tom and mary say they won 't have to do that today .
it probably won 't cost much do to that .
i want to go to australia once more before my passport <unk> .
she was absent from school without notice .
look at all this cool stuff .
we didn 't come to boston last christmas .
tom has a fever .
mary told me that she thought tom was depressed .
it 's well worth the cost .
sami pulled off to the side of the road .
tom spent the whole day hiking .
tom said that mary was too fat .
tom regretted having done that .
the earth became red with blood .
will you let me stay with you ?
tom told me he thought mary was glad that was going to happen .
i have no time even for reading .
i really should be getting home .
tom climbed over the fence .
tom is <unk> to do what we asked him to do .
when i saw him , i thought he was going to kill me .
next period is an examination in german .
it was totally quiet in the street .
tom handed mary the green notebook .
did you plan to do this ?
i was quite upset .
he has enough ability to manage a business .
i like to write in french .
tom and mary have different <unk> of life .
i might stay in boston until october .
they swore that they wouldn 't do that .
he still has to pack his suitcase .
wash your hands before eating .
the ice is going to break under your weight .
the train is due to arrive here in 5 minutes .
i hope mary didn 't do what we told her not to do .
the chances are very good that our team will win .
tom is in terrible physical condition .
tom is pretty beat up .
tom doesn 't believe what mary says .
the lock on my drawer had been <unk> with and some of my papers were missing .
two adult tickets , please .
sami worked in that department .
i 'd rather not see that movie .
she helped cook lunch .
i don 't want to tell you my dreams .
tom doesn 't want to go anywhere .
tom left town on his own .
tom said he 's quit drinking .
i 've been <unk> to ask you out for a long time .
who forced you to do that ?
tom and mary have known each other for three years .
i don 't think that that 's exactly what tom agreed to do .
sami 's dog was caught and sent to a pond where it was <unk> .
tom and i can handle it by ourselves , i think .
tom has asked mary not to eat anything in his refrigerator .
you 're not having much luck , are you ?
tom was getting sleepy .
mary said she wasn 't going to get here until about 2 : 30 .
everyone is afraid .
i don 't think that tom is going to help us do that .
tom and mary claim they did that .
tom said he didn 't plan to do that again .
hand it over !
i wonder whether tom and mary were trying to do that .
she pretended she was asleep .
tom wasn 't as careful as he should have been .
i know i 'm not supposed to be here .
tom plans to go as well .
tom and mary are prepared to take that risk .
fadil went to the basement .
they were on sale .
i know that tom is a very quiet neighbor .
tom slept most of the afternoon .
tom cleaned his room before dinner .
freedom is a new religion , the religion of our time .
and what do i get ?
if i knew the truth , i would tell you .
sami 's dog was terrified .
it 's the mayor who will <unk> the marriage of the two young people .
i hate these shoes .
i want to go to boston with tom .
tom and mary said that they want to meet you .
tom doesn 't look very happy .
don 't hide your face .
tom <unk> to the hope that mary would call again .
in the first six months , sami lost sixty pounds .
when we are <unk> , we gain confidence .
we want you to come to our party .
tom must be thirsty .
sami moved something in the room .
it took me three hours to get here .
who else will you invite to your party ?
why should mary have tom do that for her ?
the knife was so <unk> that i couldn 't cut the meat with it and i had to use my <unk> .
i 'm not as <unk> as i should be .
do i have to do everything myself ?
tom was actually <unk> before he got married .
mary said she doesn 't think tom should do that alone .
you don 't really plan to do that , do you ?
no matter what you say , he still won 't do it .
let 's hear a story of his <unk> .
that helped you a lot , didn 't it ?
we played so well as a team .
the washing machine is broken .
he could barely speak .
to hell with them .
tom seemed to be expecting mary to do something .
never have i seen such a <unk> scene .
i don 't think that tom knows for certain when mary will get here .
our <unk> suggested we go camping together and leave the kids at home .
he lost his friends .
sami died in the middle of the night .
he has some <unk> with the government people .
tom said he didn 't like his <unk> .
sami pulled a gun on me .
i was surprised when i heard tom and mary had gotten married .
tom got into the driver 's seat and started the car .
we are good friends now , but we didn 't like each other at first .
it could be seen by the naked eye .
tom knows i can 't come today .
neither tom nor mary has given me any money .
mary says she thinks it might not be wise to do that .
are you reading an interesting book ?
you should 've just told me earlier .
i didn 't know that you didn 't know how to drive .
tom thought that mary was downstairs .
tom and mary are talking .
dan gave linda a ride home yesterday .
that was not my fault .
the <unk> rolled on he would not go without his father 's word ; that father , <unk> in death below .
the <unk> grabbed him by the nose ( it was an extremely long one and seemed made on purpose for that very thing ) and returned him to <unk> <unk> .
they aren 't as smart as they look .
i love that word .
let 's not talk about religion , ok ?
i can 't let you enter without a pass .
oh my god , i so hate this movie !
tom noticed a spot on john 's tie .
tom and mary said that they thought i looked sad .
i thought tom had forgotten something .
i want to focus on the future .
tom has been saving money to buy a car .
i won 't tell anyone your secret unless you tell me it 's ok .
i 've been seeing someone .
the <unk> looked much larger on the website .
it was tom who made me do that .
tom and mary promised that they 'd go straight home .
i used to walk past tom 's house almost every day .
they said they 'd help .
tom failed the test , just like mary <unk> .
mary isn 't as tough as she looks .
tom looked back and smiled at me .
i admit having done wrong .
tom admitted he was wrong .
it seems we 're sick .
mary knows she 's not very good at speaking french .
did they fire you ?
i hope we 'll be home for christmas .
tom and mary said they were very drunk .
yes , this is my union .
do you think the road is wide enough for cars ?
tom is very impressed with mary .
i thought that we could talk .
sami took layla 's suitcase .
tom wasn 't late , but mary was .
tom stared at the food on mary 's plate .
mary never told me she had a boyfriend .
are tom and mary your friends ?
you made the best decision .
he realized he ought to do that .
tom <unk> his hands with a small towel .
i guess it 's too late to say no .
it seemed that tom and mary were depressed .
i think i shouldn 't have told tom and mary they had to do that .
sami wanted to play outside .
tom wanted mary to love him .
tom didn 't have any place to live .
what did you want to talk with me about ?
i just spent three hours with tom .
isn 't there someone else you can talk to ?
sami is in here .
i 'm proud of what they 've done .
how do i get down to the trains ?
i may be in australia for another week .
tom admitted that he wasn 't brave .
if you have any questions at all , don 't <unk> to ask !
i didn 't realize mary shouldn 't be doing what she was doing .
i think tom used to be a soldier .
tom and mary baked a cake together .
did tom know you couldn 't do that ?
we should get rid of tom .
tom isn 't going to wait for mary .
we arrived first .
she helped her brother out with his picture .
don 't wait on my account .
tom said that he 'd help me do that as well .
any book will do as long as it is <unk> .
tom has no intention of leaving australia .
this is where tom and mary live .
he stopped short at the gate .
" would you like a drink ? " " i 've already got one . "
i like all of the songs that tom sings .
mary confessed that she 'd broken the window .
where did tom take his shoes off ?
the child suddenly <unk> their mother 's hand .
if <unk> will ease my headache , i will take a couple tonight instead of this horrible medicine .
maybe tom will do that for mary .
tom said this wasn 't enough .
we 'll try to find out why tom did it that way .
tom doesn 't seem to be shocked .
do you want them back or not ?
i 've learned to ignore the pain .
how much candy should i buy ?
i 'd like to do it with you .
yesterday , tom 's sister went to boston .
i couldn 't do anything about that at the time .
i agreed to have dinner with him .
i wish i had a good french dictionary .
they told me that they didn 't eat pork .
tom doesn 't miss anything , does he ?
they bought a box of cookies .
do you remember meeting me before ?
her behavior will become more aggressive .
tom eventually divorced mary .
tom has told mary she has to leave .
i haven 't even started studying for the exam yet .
i don 't know what 's gonna happen next ?
tom didn 't know what mary had to do .
the concert was a great success .
tom is just fine .
how did you know tom was going to be fired ?
a large crowd of americans gathered outside the white house to celebrate the death of a human being in the same manner as they would celebrate winning a football game .
both of us are from germany .
i should know this .
would you rather eat a mouse or a <unk> ?
tom and mary aren 't there , are they ?
who would want to kill us ?
you 're an idiot . don 't come back .
unfortunately , i believed all the lies that tom was telling .
have you heard about the result of the game ?
tom and mary plan to go to boston by themselves .
tom has done what we wanted him to do .
mary will get fired if she doesn 't do that .
he suddenly hung up the phone while i was speaking .
tom looked like he was satisfied .
please tell tom to do that later .
you still have to go , even if you don 't want to .
i didn 't realize that tom was planning to leave mary .
mary has a right to defend herself .
tom has done that many times .
i didn 't want to look stupid in front of my friends .
when it 's very hot , you should drink lots of water to avoid <unk> .
sami 's juice is amazing .
i thought i heard a voice .
tom , apologize to your sister . you made her cry .
mary said she wanted to be finished doing that by 2 : 30 .
put your letter in this envelope .
if you change your <unk> , you could look ten years younger .
you 'd better take this seriously .
today is the <unk> day of the year .
come and see me whenever it is <unk> to you .
tom broke his leg last year and has <unk> ever since .
tom often goes fishing there .
tom didn 't think mary would come to his party .
don 't think i won 't do it .
it 's too late .
don 't waste money on clothes , <unk> . save money !
tom is glad it 's over .
tom was tired , but not sleepy .
he is a computer expert .
he is one of the greatest scientists in japan .
they looked like they were jealous .
i 'm looking for somebody who understands french .
i have a lot of books in my room .
there is a rock <unk> just north of town .
sami got pretty mad .
tom said that 's not likely to happen again .
now the ball is in your court !
tom told me he wasn 't at all interested in what mary had to say .
i forgot that you didn 't like chocolate .
tom 's desk was perfectly clean .
i might need your help again sometime .
i spent the evening reading a novel .
word is passing that the prime minister is seriously ill .
tom let us <unk> along for the day .
he put his feet up on his desk .
the president left for america this morning .
the crowd was fantastic .
this road is dangerous .
tom can only speak a little french .
all i can do at the moment is sit here and listen .
tom wanted to talk with you .
go see him .
tom and mary told me that they thought john was <unk> .
we learned a lot about life and nature in summer camp .
i can play the guitar , but not very well .
sami stopped laughing .
i need a drink of water .
mary told tom she wasn 't interested in <unk> her problems with him .
they 're still working .
i thought tom might need to do that today .
she said he was sick in bed , which was not true .
well , well , well .
i definitely won 't go shopping this morning .
i didn 't know how to drive until just last year .
i had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip .
tom says he 'd like to do that with you .
mary is expecting a new baby .
tom told me he was looking forward to doing that .
i think tom and mary are innocent .
do you happen to know when tom and mary are coming back ?
unfortunately , tom wasn 't there .
why would tom be at school today ?
don 't you worry about me a bit .
tom considered his answer very carefully .
it 's a good time for a party .
he isn 't sure he has to do that .
tom didn 't see that as a problem .
tom and mary said they didn 't know why john left .
i already said i don 't know who took tom .
tom did what mary said he 'd do .
that cake looks good too . give me a small piece .
he was struck with <unk> when he was five .
sami is a real man .
the rain didn 't stop them from doing their job .
would you take a picture of us with this camera ?
she 'll be tired when she gets home .
tom was just plain fat .
tom thinks that he 's funny .
what made you believe tom was telling the truth ?
don 't you want to see me do that ?
tom said that mary knew she might not need to do that .
tom may not be dead .
tom wondered what mary was looking for .
i expect tom back soon .
they seemed very tired , didn 't they ?
have you read the whole document ?
you will ruin your health if you drink without <unk> .
tom seemed to be doing well .
if mary had asked me for some money , i 'd have given it to her .
tom and mary said they thought john might not have to do that .
tom and mary claimed that they 've never done that .
money isn 't a problem .
good god ! you scared me there .
i know it sounds crazy , but you 've got to believe me .
i think all three of us will be there tomorrow .
it 's pretty funny .
tom knew he should say something , but he didn 't know what to say .
he died of a heart attack .
i 'm sure tom will be disappointed .
should i or should i not do this ?
you will have to be responsible for what you 've done .
i 'm not going to stay in australia much longer .
tom tried to do that by himself , but he wasn 't able to .
you 've always helped me .
that didn 't even <unk> to you , did it ?
don 't forget to tell tom this .
that only makes the problem worse .
i hear from my mother every month .
it gets very cold tonight . maybe it will snow tomorrow .
sami ? what kind of name is this ?
i hope to graduate from university next spring .
tom said that he 'd help me if i wanted him to .
the cat jumped up on his shoulders .
i do not have anything in my bag .
excuse me , could you repeat that ?
they all looked at tom .
tom is asking permission .
a woman must be a genius to create a good husband .
" my wonderful wife is so <unk> that ... " " you <unk> ? or complaining ? "
what time is the meeting ?
why did she stay ?
tom doesn 't need to use <unk> anymore .
i told tom that i 'd help him .
sami cut his hand while playing with his dog .
it is not so difficult to appreciate good music .
tom said he 'd come .
where is the wine that you like from ?
excuse me , i 'm here to see tom .
one hundred and sixteen people died as a result of a bomb attack in <unk> .
he is with his friends .
tom usually drinks more coffee than i do .
tom said that he didn 't want to go to mary 's party .
tom and mary <unk> the apples between them .
i respect you and your opinions .
i 'm not going to tell her that .
i don 't think that tom knows how to cook .
tom has decided to have the operation .
i hope tom doesn 't sing .
it doesn 't seem like tom will go any time soon .
i 'm the one who loves you .
tom didn 't arrive until about 2 : 30 .
tom needs to wait until mary gets here .
it 's no use trying to persuade tom .
it 's better than it was before .
i hit upon a good idea then .
tom and mary wouldn 't have done that if they hadn 't had to .
this is an interesting movie so far .
tom doesn 't like singing .
when will that change ?
you didn 't know tom shouldn 't do that , did you ?
they think they 're stronger than i am .
i just met tom yesterday .
it 's not tom who wants to do that . it 's mary .
do you really think tom and mary are jealous ?
mary reached inside her purse and pulled out her license .
sami <unk> me out , to say the least .
when i <unk> i found that it was the wrong person .
i opened the door with my key .
that song was written by tom .
i thought that you said you didn 't know tom .
a <unk> number of students want to go to college .
i saw a big dog lying in front of mr hill 's house .
i planned to become a teacher , but i never did .
mary told tom that she thought john was retired .
i know that tom will change .
it is the only one there is in the shop .
i 'm <unk> , <unk> . i 've already forgotten you , i am saying goodbye to your absence , i 'm at peace .
maybe we shouldn 't have gotten married .
i know tom is about to fall asleep .
tom tried to convince mary that he had changed .
i didn 't think tom would be home on monday .
if you treat him fairly , he will be fair with you .
tom was no different .
his birthday just happens to be the same as mine .
the shop stays open all day .
tom told us he couldn 't eat peanuts .
would you just tell mary what she did was wrong ?
i don 't plan to sit in the back .
tom isn 't likely to help mary do that .
i think it 's probably not difficult to do that .
i 've <unk> tom for a long time .
he doesn 't look himself this morning .
tom said that he hoped that mary could do that .
i just need to find them .
tom saw through my lie .
i 'm glad that tom didn 't win .
i know tom and mary were more than just friends .
tom bought the first <unk> phone ; however , only mary ended up using it to call tom at work .
tom has never given anything to anyone .
i know that tom will try to do that .
i 'm not sure it 's a mistake to tell tom .
the only problem was that tom didn 't want to be here .
i 'm not smart , but at least i 'm smart enough to know it .
sami was a general education teacher .
tom deserves to be here .
tom would 've done it correctly the first time if you had helped him .
why don 't you answer ?
why did you shoot me ?
it 's easy to get confused .
ok , everyone has left to go file a <unk> !
tom was in a terrible accident .
some things you can 't change , no matter how unfair they are .
they promised they wouldn 't do that .
it might be easy to do that .
who would want to help us ?
i don 't know why i said that .
tom and i often go out for pizza after work .
i loved the book .
all of you must do your own work .
i can 't take any more !
i don 't think that tom is safe .
my son does not follow me .
tom hates mary 's cooking .
mary doesn 't do that the way she used to .
tom 's face showed his surprise .
what have tom and mary done wrong ?
i 'll be happy to do that for you .
sami kissed the black stone .
i 'll call back at 2 : 30 .
do you have any idea what you 've done ?
you go to work .
he has been working in this company for twenty years now .
words fail me .
do it while you can .
we must get over many difficulties .
let the children play .
my friends are in danger .
she told me she was homesick .
tom isn 't even interested in baseball .
tom has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house .
tom is likely to be supportive .
neither tom nor mary has done that .
sami was <unk> charges of first degree murder .
tom seems to be <unk> to listen to anything mary says .
mary does anything we tell her to do .
i forgot to tell tom that i wanted to do that .
sami didn 't commit this crime .
the water of this sea is black .
he knows how to do the dishes .
she 's not yet heard the news .
i 'm up next .
i don 't think that he 's right .
this is a big concern .
tom stared at mary with his mouth open .
with a last weak " <unk> " the poor <unk> fell from the wall , dead !
what were you doing at that time ?
i used to hate boston .
sami is guilty as hell .
so far , tom is the only one who 's done that .
i didn 't know that before .
tom arrived in time for the meeting .
tom isn 't a very good teacher .
tom is still in the classroom studying .
would tom ever consider doing that ?
how long does tom expect us to stay ?
he promised he 'd quit smoking .
tom has always been lucky .
do i have to go to the party ?
maybe tom doesn 't want to leave .
just turn around .
the lesson of this story is not that reading <unk> will help one rise in the business world .
tom discovered mary 's body in a <unk> .
i like to travel and visit new places .
tom suggested i go to australia with him .
it 's not about them .
i was with him this afternoon .
english is always considered an international language .
they told me that they 've decided to do that .
that 's not what we had in mind .
if tom ate more vegetables , he 'd probably be <unk> .
why can 't you be more like them ?
i 'll check my diary , but , at this stage , i should be able to make it next week .
tom is working hard on it .
the bus will be here in five minutes .
tom hasn 't broken any rules .
that belongs to my brother .
i know i have it here somewhere .
which do you think is better ?
i 'd rather ride my own bike .
tom told me he thought mary would be home on monday .
i know we still love each other .
he was at the point of death when i arrived .
he believes that there is a <unk> among us .
" is your mother still in jail . " " my mother is not in jail . " " oh , i 'm glad she has got out . "
tom and mary said they knew they might need to do that by themselves .
i didn 't know that that was supposed to happen .
this has gone too far .
america has the world s largest economy , and its army is the most powerful .
she lost her keys yesterday .
no one wanted to be seen with tom .
dan didn 't even make phone calls .
i know that tom expects me to help him do that .
it 's really all quite simple .
tom gives us what we need .
they all made fun of me .
we have to set up the tent in the <unk> of that tree .
i 'll need you to be there .
mary said she didn 't want to wear alice 's old clothes .
i 'm pregnant , but i don 't know who the father is .
fadil was stopped by a policeman .
tom and mary told me that they were <unk> .
tom and mary told the waiter they wanted sit by the window .
let 's not ever do this again .
they said they were adopted .
what 's for lunch ?
i need to talk with them .
we speak berber in our city .
i 'm not very hungry .
i can 't believe tom actually said that .
don 't <unk> into something you might regret later .
mary told tom that she thought john was disappointed .
tom is going to look for mary .
attention should be paid to even the <unk> detail of the report .
all teachers need to go to teacher 's college before they are allowed to teach .
how in the world did i miss that ?
you never get my jokes .
i haven 't been reading any books or <unk> lately .
i thought you would never call .
a man named george was staying at a hotel .
layla told sami she was pregnant .
tom got rid of his old computer .
don 't leave without us .
tom is a <unk> law student at harvard .
i wonder what tom and mary are laughing about .
he told me he likes swimming .
i looked up a song i liked from a movie in youtube and there were <unk> <unk> ; i was surprised at how many were <unk> !
well , you know what they say .
i should 've apologized right away .
tom always tries to eat healthy food .
on hearing the news , he shouted with joy .
he is above me .
you 'll see her .
they say that they have no <unk> plans .
don 't let him run away .
don 't tell tom about it .
sometimes i run into tom at the club .
<unk> , i 'm for it , but this could never be <unk> in the real world .
i saw the news .
listen very carefully .
sami 's money disappeared .
i plan to leave as soon as i finish this beer .
we believe in you .
i 'm watching tv in berber .
i know someone had to do that .
i don 't blame them for this .
what will happen now ?
i know what i look like .
i understand tom and mary have been sick .
the greater part of the letter was <unk> to pieces , but one little <unk> , the end of a page , hung together , and the writing could still be read , though it was <unk> on a black ground . it seemed to us to be a <unk> at the end of the letter , and it said : please , please , as you are a gentleman , burn this letter , and be at the gate by ten o clock . <unk> it were signed the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
he 'd do that if he had more time .
you 're <unk> exactly where i wanted to go .
tom said he thought mary 's suggestion was a good idea .
sami isn 't looking for a relationship .
tom won the prize .
tom has definitely been very unlucky .
they 'd be <unk> if they did that .
she 's a bit naive .
i 'm so sorry about all of this .
i 'll turn the power on .
he speaks well .
they look like they might cry .
how did tom change you ?
tom lives in a <unk> house on the other side of the river .
she forgot her own birthday .
it 's their decision .
the doctors did what they could .
mary 's friends were waiting for her .
wait a moment , please .
tom doesn 't ever cry .
tell me when you will call me .
i actually really liked it .
if she knows i 'm here , she 'll come quickly .
they bought vegetables at the market .
which do you like better , this or that ?
i 'll meet you at 2 : 30 tomorrow .
tom told me that he didn 't like swimming .
i invited mary , but i didn 't think she 'd come .
she pulled her hand away .
as you have already suspected , the prince 's name was tom and the little <unk> 's name was mary .
tom and mary said they 're sure john should do that .
tom promised he wouldn 't tell mary .
you know me well enough to know i wouldn 't do something like that .
tom and mary aren 't planning to do that together .
i demanded that tom do that for me .
dan wanted a lot of kids .
i 'll provide value for money .
dan should be ashamed of what he told me .
i will live in a room with four <unk> .
where did she get that piece of <unk> ?
tom may not be going to australia with us .
tom told me that 's not true .
i ran to him and saw that he was <unk> with fear .
it 's very early .
everybody feels comfortable with him .
tom said he hoped mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her .
i 'll give you this one and that one .
tom still isn 't very good at doing that .
do you know anyone who <unk> while they work ?
mary said that she was fine .
what time 's the next train to <unk> ?
he told me that he 'd already eaten .
you must see to it that the <unk> do not burn .
there 's something strange happening .
she was at a loss what to do next .
i said such horrible things to you .
tom goes to australia two or three times a year .
i lost sight of him .
he told the boss some <unk> story about being sick and <unk> days off from work .
i was surprised that tom and mary weren 't there .
tom asked mary to clean the bathroom .
tom and mary told me that they thought john was conservative .
<unk> 's really filled out since the last time i saw her .
her answer was straight out of the <unk> - nothing interesting .
did you see what they did to the turkey ?
tom says he 's planning on doing that .
tom is a good man at heart .
<unk> has it that you got the job .
when did you go to kyoto with your sister ?
who are you waiting for ?
i had some things to work out .
i never should 've taken it .
does that mean you 'll have to stay ?
mary locked herself in the bathroom so that no one would see her cry .
tom said mary doesn 't need to do that today .
i 'm now old enough to do that .
tom said that he felt fine .
there are ten thousand students in this university .
mary told everyone that she was bored .
everybody knows that tom can 't do that .
tom may well need to do that .
we 're not where we want to be .
i 'm going to do things my own way .
just tell them not to worry .
tom doesn 't cry very often .
sami thinks his daughter 's <unk> is responsible for her death .
i 've been waiting for you to tell me what i should do .
tom is definitely going to try doing that today .
tom is very cold .
tom is going to be here right away .
i 've only used this two times .
she is helping him .
sami found layla 's phone on the floor , by the washing machine .
it 's bad weather , to be sure , but we 've seen worse .
what did you eat for breakfast this morning ?
she explained her reasons to me .
you 're a <unk> ! you haven 't even missed one question !
tom told me he 's heartbroken .
tom assumed everybody in the room knew mary couldn 't understand french .
tom gets a physical once a year .
i hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating <unk> food .
she likes running .
tom said he thought that mary couldn 't speak french .
is that material good ?
i had a crush on my science teacher when i was in high school .
i think that you 're weird .
if you 're trying to scare me , you 're <unk> .
you can 't fool me .
i thought that there was a good chance tom wouldn 't want to do anything with mary .
mary told us you hit her .
i thought that tom wasn 't going to <unk> .
you must not go up the stairs .
what do i have to do to make you believe me ?
she said that she didn 't eat meat .
what 's wrong with the way tom did that ?
tom doesn 't know he 's not likely to be punished .
i can 't believe we 've never done this before .
where does tom stay in boston ?
even tom was doing that .
mary told the team she wants to quit .
tom admitted that he had <unk> his wife .
i should probably not tell tom to do that .
i ski .
tom is a career politician .
tom said he had better things to do .
tom was beaten within an <unk> of his life .
i 'm glad to see that today is such a beautiful day .
if the cat is outside , the <unk> dance on the table .
put down your weapons .
tom isn 't being very friendly , is he ?
the dictionary is small .
sami started looking around .
tom didn 't know what to do .
they did not have much food to eat .
i 've hired him .
make sure to tell tom what time to be here .
tom and mary are talented , aren 't they ?
i think that she will discuss trade <unk> .
she told me that she was homesick .
i know that tom doesn 't know why mary wants john to do that .
i lied to my girlfriend about my age .
the driver increased his speed .
do you know her at all ?
i admitted that i did what i 'd promised not to do .
tom is good at <unk> , but mary isn 't .
tom said that he wasn 't sure he was doing the right thing .
tom told mary that he 'd been miserable in australia .
i know tom is a little worried about mary .
i know tom knows that mary knows that she shouldn 't do that anymore .
mary told me she won 't marry me .
i 've decided to let tom use my car .
this is the only way i can think to do this .
nobody could 've planned this .
they parked their cars over there .
she eats a lot .
sami and layla are yelling at each other .
how could this have happened ?
i took the job .
tom wouldn 't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week .
mary told me that she 'd be here .
i can 't eat this .
i 've already packed my things .
he was an excellent scientist , and what is more , was a great poet .
tom seems to be really happy .
tom is likely going to be back soon .
i 've been giving your request some thought .
ask me anything you want .
you 'll meet her .
why did you kill them ?
when i looked back at layla , she had a <unk> knife .
i quickly ran out of money .
i wrote to mr wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm .
he couldn 't tell green from blue .
there are three suitcases near the door .
i don 't know if tom and mary are good at skiing or not .
i 'm going to tell you what i think .
why would i help them ?
sami apologized to layla in front of the <unk> .
you should have told tom how you felt .
you didn 't seem surprised when mary told you she had to do that .
my boyfriend still hasn 't been to the great wall .
it was a lost opportunity .
can it be true that he is ill ?
i wanted to go home early , but tom didn 't .
you 're not very interesting .
you should keep it close .
tom didn 't know whether mary was good at french or not .
tom can 't afford to go to college .
i 'd be very upset if that happen .
they said that they hope it 'll happen soon .
he has a good voice , doesn 't he ?
tom was afraid everybody would laugh at him .
we have to do our jobs .
tom wondered if it had really been an accident .
mary turned me down when i asked her on a date .
why should you care what i think ?
you can 't contact tom directly .
when did you get there ?
do you think tom will volunteer to do that ?
my father bought me a new bicycle .
it took me an hour and a half to get there by car .
he 's been doing this for over twenty years .
we can be in boston all week .
tom is nervous and excited .
we went skiing in canada .
tom can speak both french and english very well .
you never should 've done that .
they kissed slowly at first .
is mary tom 's wife ?
sami didn 't see layla leave the house with the hijab .
he doesn 't talk much , does he ?
tom is old enough to travel by himself .
that obviously wasn 't a problem for tom .
everyone knew that it was impossible . an <unk> man did not know : he did it .
tom 's spoken french is pretty good .
what is it that you want me to do ?
what they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday .
he was eager to see her again .
tom said that he felt great .
the guests looked uncomfortable .
john , the tallest boy in our class , is <unk> " mr high . "
i bet this is the first time this has happened to you .
she made her bed .
tom asked mary to shut the gate .
you 're a lot younger than tom is , aren 't you ?
i can 't hear what you 're saying .
i wonder if tom is still here .
mary says that she 's just eaten .
sami didn 't say where he worked .
are you back already ?
lunch was great .
to succeed we must go shoulder to shoulder .
could you please wait a minute ?
i didn 't want to make a big deal out of it .
i like tom 's cat .
there is no <unk> temperature at which snow can be made .
i haven 't seen my sister in months .
tom and mary said that they 'd been ill .
has anyone here ever been to australia ?
i used to be rich .
this is the first time that tom has ever complained .
tom doesn 't believe mary will cry .
is tom mary 's son ?
i know exactly how to fix it .
tom knows that it isn 't worth doing .
who wants to know ?
tom has a kind heart .
it 's a group effort .
i know that tom knows i ought to do that .
i finished writing the article and sent it to the <unk> .
my hair is long .
can you speak either chinese or russian ?
it would 've been better not to say anything .
ten more days , then spring !
tom said mary wasn 't finished doing that .
tom forgot about the meeting .
tom said he thought he could impress mary .
tom is going to meet mary today .
i hope there 's plenty of air in here .
sami has to go now .
i don 't think that tom knows what mary expects him to do for her .
mary is too sick to do that , isn 't she ?
she sleeps with her boss .
you might get shot .
just recently , i 've become very lazy . i need to work to <unk> my <unk> .
" what 's up ? <unk> around in front of the house . " " <unk> ... i was waiting for you to come back . "
i know tom knew he didn 't need to do that .
tom and mary know that they ought to do that today .
tom said that he didn 't think that he could do that now .
could you give me your cell phone number ?
i won 't tell tom to do that .
this book is too large to go in my pocket .
she said that the <unk> sight of him made her sick .
tom was curious to know mary 's secret .
i think tom expected mary to get here earlier .
they told me that they 'd be back .
i need a red pen .
must i open everything ?
he gave me a hard time .
there hasn 't been any rain for the past three months .
i can 't trust tom for all his <unk> .
that 's not what they 're after .
they fought a fair battle with the enemy .
i 'm fairly certain that tom is allergic to nuts .
they both drew the same thing .
tom said that you have the final say .
he 's a reliable man .
my hobby is writing stories .
one day will come the truth
would you like to have a cup of tea ?
you don 't need to worry about tom anymore .
tom eats a lot of fish .
never turn your back on her .
tom and mary are going to have a party tonight .
tom can 't walk .
i cannot , however , <unk> his warning .
do you have something for me ?
i wanted mary to take me with her .
do you guys want something to eat ?
they admitted that they were confused .
i 'm going to read .
these questions are too difficult for me to answer .
when are you leaving ?
go ahead , try it .
tom ran down the street naked .
he came to my house on the <unk> of seeing me .
tom is ready to help us do that .
tom is a retired teacher , isn 't he ?
why would tom ever want to go to boston ?
tom said that he would be able to do that in a few hours .
tom said that he was hoping that we could do that together .
i 'm really jealous of your life right now .
that gives me great pleasure .
all three of my sisters have married canadians .
people say the same thing about tom .
but what else did you say ?
i wonder whether tom is really doing that now .
i 'm not sure that i 'm ready to do that .
tom has to be scared .
sami didn 't say too much .
i think that tom must be tired .
the blood test is normal .
i didn 't want to admit that i didn 't know what to do .
we 've got to keep moving .
tom began to talk .
i never really asked tom what he thought .
she quit her job yesterday .
do you need to do that again ?
tom said that mary wasn 't planning to go alone .
so you think you 're special ?
she took out her camera .
nobody 's going to blame you .
the state of israel is not a big desert where people get around on <unk> .
i 'd like you to leave my house .
he was injured in the accident .
a japanese would never do such a thing .
tom and mary 's marriage is falling apart .
why not just knock on the door ?
it 's rude to ask someone how much they earn .
i wish i could go , too .
the moon is the earth 's only <unk> .
i can 't drive tom to school today .
sami doesn 't have a son .
this is a recent development .
tom and i had a lot of time to talk .
i am satisfied with my job .
he still hopes he can do that .
i want to tell tom about the book .
i don 't think you should spend any more time trying to do that .
we should be in boston with tom .
could i ask you a question ?
tom wants some information .
tom is a joy to teach .
they are the next to be on duty for taking care of the <unk> .
please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning .
we 're not going to let tom go to the party .
mary shouldn 't have gone out after dark by herself .
let 's go back the way we came .
tom is likely to win tomorrow .
tom said he 'd come to the wedding .
tom said that he thought that mary had done that .
that was one of the reasons that i did that .
i haven 't yet done what i was supposed to do .
i know that tom wasn 't the one who did that .
i 'm from algeria and i 'm learning berber .
i think that tom would be reasonable .
tom thinks he 's better than other people .
she said that she 'd look into it .
is it all right if i go ?
do you really think tom and mary are upset ?
what would the cost be ?
is the museum open today ?
it happened that he was out .
tom and mary know they aren 't welcome here .
where 's everyone ?
we should call him .
mary already knows you want to talk to her .
she said she knew the area well .
i 'm not at all busy now .
they say they also want to do that .
tom had pockets full of cash after a lucky night at the <unk> .
look at you - all <unk> and dressed . they say the clothes make the man .
the snow is very deep here in our town in <unk> .
put the knife back in the drawer .
i 'm still puzzled .
i 'm reading a book in french .
tom said he thought that mary would prefer red wine .
tom sent me here to protect you .
do you want to win or don 't you ?
i have great news .
i 'd like to get a <unk> test .
i don 't think tom knows what you want to do .
tom didn 't mention anything about that .
they said they 're mad .
he likes traveling and so do i .
tom and i always have a good time together .
i found out why the car wouldn 't start .
tom decided to try doing that himself .
i know tom and mary are right .
i will take both this one and that one .
tom made the basketball team .
until i entered the university , i had no experience of reading even a single book except <unk> books .
is it possible to learn german by yourself ?
i enjoy riding my bicycle .
we love each other and that 's the only thing that matters .
i don 't have time to waste .
i believe he is honest .
i want to get a driver 's license .
tom and mary may do as they like .
i forgot something in my car .
i 'm sure tom will wish he hadn 't done that .
i hope tom is having a lot of fun .
it looks fun .
don 't forget to buy milk .
has mary decided where she 'll go next summer ?
it was so good .
i don 't care what tom and mary want .
this room is quiet .
i think you 're the greatest .
tom and mary said john told them he was looking forward to doing that .
tom and mary may not want to do that , but they should .
you should try doing that by yourself .
he said it with a <unk> on his face .
when it was time to vote , he <unk> .
my uncle is in charge of the <unk> class .
you left your <unk> , didn 't you ?
prices went up .
everybody knows i hate her .
tom said i didn 't have to worry about that yet .
he quit his job .
is this really happening ?
you 're on the wrong side .
it isn 't a weapon .
sami was asleep in front of the television .
mary said that she felt comfortable .
tom doesn 't believe me at all .
well ? will you come ?
i think tom will be surprised .
tom chose a book to read .
i 'd like to ask you about how to do that .
that 's probably not what tom did .
there 's a friendly air around the office .
the shoes i gave tom and mary were too small for them .
i want to speak with him now .
tom 's bicycle was stolen yesterday .
let me try to talk to him .
the u.s. <unk> service could shut down as early as next year .
tom said mary isn 't busy .
i forgot to put <unk> on the salad .
tom is a baseball player , isn 't he ?
he said that he had a cold .
tom took <unk> three times a day every eight hours for ten days .
i want that cat .
i <unk> a lot of time and energy to berber .
" what star is <unk> to the earth ? " " isn 't it <unk> <unk> ? " " no ! it 's the sun ! "
why can 't they do it ?
she said she was unhappy .
i know that tom didn 't really want to do that with mary .
mary was eating an apple the last time i saw her .
tom should have finished it by now .
fifteen more minutes and i 'll be out of here .
do you have an address ?
tom is going to be very hurt if you don 't come to his party .
tom has been taken to a hospital .
i 'm the one who went to australia with tom .
sami moved into this house a few months ago .
to tell the truth , i was <unk> by my mother .
this bread contains too much <unk> for me .
if you are honest , i will hire you .
i did that for the money .
i don 't want him to worry .
tom and mary didn 't have enough money to buy what they needed .
did you know tom was coming here today ?
tom and mary don 't think that they can do that .
i think that 's enough for today .
fadil and layla were sleeping together .
tom fell asleep at the <unk> and hit a street lamp .
you know who tom and mary are , don 't you ?
he says he 's never seen a <unk> .
i won 't buy any of this .
she won 't always be around .
tom is a hero in my book .
mary is a boston native , isn 't she ?
tom started to empty his pockets .
tom asked us to turn down the music .
he drove to school .
please give the baby a bath .
tell us about her .
<unk> was far in advance of his time .
the little prince is a very popular book that was translated into many languages .
it looks like he 's winning .
there are other girls out there .
she says she can 't stand doing that .
he went very quietly came into close contact .
what will you be doing on vacation ?
tom won 't retire .
according to police , no one died .
i 'd like a window seat .
i don 't think that tom knows why mary isn 't happy .
would you like some orange juice ?
his sweater is gray .
where does tom live ?
the whole place got quiet .
why are you even talking to me ?
which period of history are you studying ?
i 've given you too many chances .
mary asked tom to drive her to the office .
tom works really hard .
i 'll be very disappointed if tom does that .
tom didn 't have the courage to tell her the truth .
would you be willing to write a letter for me ?
our teacher lives close by .
tom should be fine .
i need to get on with my work .
was tom busy when you went to see him ?
he couldn 't resist .
don 't <unk> your eye out with that .
tom was shot and left for dead .
layla came into the office .
they hoped for even better days to come .
mary didn 't want to go to boston by herself .
i couldn 't have said it better .
there 's a good chance it 'll rain .
tom told me how to get to his house .
i hope tom isn 't right .
mary poured another glass of wine for herself .
he was too embarrassed to <unk> a word in front of the crowd .
i think that you have a bright future .
why did they search us ?
tom didn 't have time to do that today .
you ought to tell tom that you aren 't planning to stay very long .
tom thought he would be able to do that by himself .
sami <unk> layla were having such a good time .
go easy on the beer !
i didn 't agree to meet him .
tom came running down the stairs .
tom had his eyes checked last week .
for being such an expensive wine , it really should taste better than this .
nothing is more valuable than good health .
tom said he thought mary was interested in doing that .
tom must 've thought mary would win .
you should lose a few pounds .
why did you decide to do the work you are doing now ?
you won 't forget them .
my opinion of tom hasn 't changed .
neither tom nor mary has made any bad decisions .
this answer is useful for every similar future case .
this is my first time , so i 'm a little nervous .
tom said we could sing with his band .
tom is expected to do that on monday .
my father complained about the traffic noise .
i want you to do that before you go home .
mary told me she would sort it out .
we eat eggs .
i don 't think that my <unk> and i 'd ever start dating again .
tom is sitting on a park bench , looking miserable .
tom doesn 't think that he has a chance to win .
tom can 't do that on his own .
how did i let this happen ?
i showed him the way .
he wasn 't sleeping when i came home .
i just wanted to drop by to say hi .
i don 't like painting children .
she is not afraid to die .
tom received a birthday card from mary .
i am dressed in red from head to <unk> .
tom definitely has the ability to be the boss .
tom didn 't expect mary to refuse to do that .
we live next to a farm .
there was little <unk> could do for tom .
i wonder if we forgot to tell tom what to do .
they need to find an apartment in the city .
the bottom line is safety .
mary looks good in a black dress .
sami would not be here without you .
even if i were rich , i wouldn 't give him money .
i 'm not used to having this kind of time on my hands .
and that 's why for almost a hundred years , any <unk> has been able to go to his <unk> and <unk> on being paid in cash .
i go there as often as i can .
you know i 'm still planning to go , don 't you ?
sami was not comfortable .
mary did what she 'd been told to do .
you aren 't <unk> anybody , except maybe tom .
i have heard nothing from him yet .
the new plan has been very successful .
we 're no worse off than we were before .
that 's fine !
it wasn 't my idea to hire him .
tom sat on the bench with mary .
tom and mary want to watch the same movie .
i don 't have that many options .
there 's no chance that tom will help us .
he was successful in the attempt .
the mayor doesn 't do anything but paper over the <unk> .
there 's a good chance our prices will be going up next month .
tom and mary didn 't want their picture taken .
this is a map of australia .
is her name really mary ?
sami doesn 't even know this man .
i 'm going to drive tom there myself .
tom didn 't seem frustrated .
we just arrived at the station .
my life is over !
sami had an important appointment .
never did i dream that he would succeed .
i know this place like the back of my hand .
give tom all of it .
we 've seen that happen before .
it 's a work of art .
tom is determined to go to boston .
please bring me the book next time you come .
sami was in the kitchen .
tom and mary think they could win .
a guest has sharp eyes .
he walked in front of me .
tom didn 't even seem to realize he 'd hurt mary 's feelings .
excuse me , i can 't stay long
stay out of my personal space .
i haven 't asked you for help .
how do you know they committed any crime ?
i 'm with her now .
" at <unk> beach the water is nice and warm and <unk> clear . " " so you can take a good bath there , right ? "
tom answered all the questions on the list .
mary wanted tom to help her wash the car .
the object of walking is to relax the mind . you should therefore not permit yourself even to think while you walk . but <unk> your attention by the <unk> <unk> you .
she is the one who <unk> our dog .
sometimes i wonder if i shouldn 't have stayed in boston .
i didn 't think tom would be so sympathetic .
i 've already sent for her .
why does tom like mary so much ?
i bought you something .
we don 't go to boston anymore .
tom went on a blind date .
he was taught english by teachers who couldn 't really speak the language .
i need some information .
that 'll make me happy .
did he go there ?
wait here for a while .
sami really likes layla , too .
i believe the post you offer will give me the opportunity to improve my knowledge of the english language and my <unk> skills .
tom and mary apparently didn 't do what we asked them to do .
i took note of what he was saying .
mary does what 's right for her .
tom is a fool , if you ask me .
he as well as i is a member of the club .
as is often said , it is difficult to <unk> yourself to a new environment .
this is where you belong .
it <unk> me that people don 't seem to like me much .
tom and mary said that they 're hungry .
boy , how times have changed .
tom was easy to find .
sami always says this .
i figured you 'd be dealing with it .
tom looked like he wasn 't in a hurry to do that .
tom has written a book on that subject .
i know tom helped you .
i hope that tom is full .
please <unk> on the left side of the train .
didn 't you know that tom is pretty good at ice <unk> ?
tom didn 't like the plan .
that man is <unk> to have committed the murder .
she 's worse today .
tom ought to have gotten here by now .
how long are you staying here ?
<unk> plays an important role in language study .
i wish that noise would stop . it gets on my <unk> .
we need a doctor . it 's an emergency .
it isn 't going to rain tonight .
i know tom wouldn 't likely do that .
even though i looked for it , i did not find it .
that 's what tom said .
he knows what he did wrong .
i have a washing machine .
tom says he 's planning on going to boston with mary .
tom thought that mary was pregnant .
tom doesn 't tell stories very well .
tom didn 't have enough money to pay the rent .
tom and mary said they might go to boston in a week or two .
i was asked whether i thought it would be a good idea to do that .
he is taller than me by a head .
does it have to be tonight ?
does tom seriously think that 's going to happen ?
he 's become <unk> in his old age .
the drawing is bad .
did you actually kiss tom ?
it looks like tom isn 't going to go to boston with us .
tom wrote down without fail every one of mary 's words .
tom is completely deaf in his right ear .
are you sure there 's nothing left to eat ?
it can not be true .
the island lies to the west of japan .
tom told me that he likes going to <unk> .
tom let me know that he wasn 't planning to stay very long .
we were getting really worried .
i 'm going tomorrow .
mary said that she felt nothing .
tom said that he doesn 't know anybody in boston .
tom and mary shouted , but nobody heard them .
i was very fortunate .
you forgot to put on your tie .
i 'm a serious person .
you don 't have to go with me unless you want to .
sami was a kid at the time .
i drank a glass of red wine after dinner .
i 'd never seen anything like that before .
mr smith is poor but he has seen better days .
without water , there 's no life .
tom isn 't paying attention to the tv .
i 'll be right outside .
i 'm taking my health seriously .
tom is definitely a big guy .
tom wasn 't inside the house .
tom was in pain , but tried to hide it .
i just might kiss tom .
under normal circumstances , tom would never agree to do that .
i 've already told tom not to leave early .
tom and mary live downtown not far from where they work .
does she work in this city ?
mary admitted she was desperate .
tom wants me to give him a loan .
see what tom has to say about all this .
i haven 't been hearing good things about him .
tom realized he 'd said way too much .
i need a hot shower .
i didn 't know that you weren 't planning to do that with us .
tom didn 't do what he said he did .
i think that tom might not agree to do that .
she accepted his hand in marriage .
tom is one of the tallest guys i know .
mary said she wasn 't worried .
i 'm going to put my foot down .
we all have dark secrets .
tom still wants to do that , doesn 't he ?
never mind , i can do it by myself .
i thanked tom for his advice .
i 'm sorry . that 's all i really remember .
i 'm not going to wait .
i 've always wanted to say that .
why don 't we take a break and go get something to eat ?
i like listening to tom .
you don 't think it was a suicide , do you ?
i have to do that by myself .
tom is safe now .
i know that you like tom .
i saw his car make a turn to the right .
don 't tell me who i like .
she said she 's done that many times .
tom seldom goes to parties .
he may come , or he may not .
i don 't think i can walk any faster .
tom said that he 's thinking about taking a vacation .
how are you going to help them ?
can they come to the meeting tomorrow ?
tom buried himself under his blanket and went to sleep .
we have a lot of <unk> up to do .
that 's what i want to find out .
tom said that he can 't walk without a <unk> .
jackson received no answer to his letter .
bill shouted that he was all right .
the date was fixed and was my first one with her .
sami said horrible things .
i don 't do anything i don 't have to do .
let 's get home .
he 's a rice farmer .
i prefer black .
i 'm miserable .
how does your wife feel about it ?
tom didn 't know mary would do that so quickly .
sami came on saturday to take his check .
when are you going to get here ?
tom is the only one who survived .
i 'm not always available .
nobody has asked you to agree , but can 't you at least accept that there are people who hold different <unk> from you ?
it 's everywhere .
i almost forgot to tell tom what to do .
sami was waiting for a cab to come get him .
he is due to arrive tomorrow .
i 'm done for .
i 'm sure mary said she wasn 't planning to do that .
the plane is at the airport .
she said that she was very excited .
i 'd never heard tom and mary argue before .
sami had an perfect family life .
it is a pity that he has no sense of humor .
i don 't see him anymore .
mary said it 's what she wasn 't doing that made the coach angry .
does it look better like this ?
tom said that mary was probably still unemployed .
she said she 'd try to win .
tom cried on the way back home .
tom will never figure this out .
tom just wanted to have fun .
tom didn 't know that what he 'd done wasn 't legal .
i will have to speak to tom about it .
tom said he felt nothing .
tom is quite confident .
you need it .
tom has a good reason for <unk> mary .
mary says she and tom went to boston last winter .
sami became very drunk .
i 'm getting a little tired of doing the same thing every day .
tom <unk> the talent to be an actor .
we cannot and must not pretend that things can continue as they are .
they say that they dream in french .
tom will be very disappointed if he sees you doing that .
i meant to call them .
tom might not even know how to do that .
tom wondered whether he had to do that .
tom has been saying good things about you .
if tom and mary don 't do what they 're supposed to do , they 'll regret it .
sami doesn 't have to show layla that .
it 's cold outside .
i wish that i 'd never met tom .
i know tom is a really good singer .
tom didn 't seem too mad .
tom said that he hoped that mary wouldn 't do that .
his manner of speaking is direct to the point of <unk> .
they need money .
i spent all day with him .
what will tom be doing in boston ?
i 'll give you something for the pain .
tom said he 'd be glad to do that for mary .
mary said she forgot something .
tom lives in the apartment above us .
i may not stay very long in australia .
i need to find a way to get inside .
tom never saw him again .
how on earth do we get out of this ?
as far as i know , what he has said is true .
she says she 's never taught french .
i wonder what tom thinks .
i have won the game .
i try to think .
tom and i both made mistakes .
it 's to the point .
who did you go with ?
health is more important than anything else .
tom wouldn 't let mary keep it .
tom is eating a cake .
tom wasn 't a bit hungry .
tom may need to study french .
they told me they knew the rules .
a horse can run very fast .
people can 't have freedom if they don 't fight for it .
he wore a morning coat .
i 'm here on both mondays and <unk> .
i am the <unk> person in the world !
she is handsome rather than beautiful .
i just spoke to tom 's doctors .
the cat made off with a piece of fish from the kitchen .
tom told me that he thought that mary was through doing that .
i think tom is home .
it was too long .
tom 's whole family is very religious .
tom looked dirty .
i 'm afraid that tom doesn 't want to talk to you .
mary is in the kitchen making christmas cookies .
let me tell you something about myself .
is esperanto hard to learn ?
tom said he needed money .
mary should tell tom why she had to do that .
did you see the game yesterday ?
how often do you do things out of spite ?
if tom and mary had asked for my advice , i would 've advised them to do that .
do you guys feel like staying home alone ?
they dressed themselves quickly .
tom and mary are both present .
i should 've been able to do that without your help .
i 'd be happy if you 'd call me tom .
bring the vase somewhere where there is <unk> .
i don 't feel like going out these days .
if you want to speak , raise your hand .
don 't believe everything you hear on the news .
how can we prove it ?
the answer was always no .
i 'm all alone in a foreign country .
it is uncomfortable to be sitting on this chair .
please go faster .
i 'd never do that with you .
without his glasses , tom can 't see anything .
i know tom is a very patient man .
sami will do this after summer .
mary asked me to do her a favor . however , i couldn 't do what she asked .
not much time is required .
tom and mary told me to meet them in front of the concert hall .
you fell from the sky ?
i didn 't expect you to admit it .
mary doesn 't think she really needs to do that .
do you come ?
mary told me she grew up in boston .
i , too , wanted to ask that the whole time .
please wait a little while longer .
i could not help feeling sorry for him .
they complained of the cold as there was no fire there .
she said that she wasn 't done .
when you listen to your <unk> voice , you get the feeling that you 're hearing the voice of a stranger .
smoking is not permitted on the train .
tom asked me what i had been doing .
there isn 't any possibility of tom doing that .
tom is always scared .
tom has a lot of original ideas .
i make a horrible first impression .
tom and i 've been friends since we were in <unk> .
is this your red pencil ?
you should know : tom 's a talkative <unk> .
is it true that tom and mary killed themselves ?
i don 't think it 's very likely tom will tell us what to do .
could you leave us alone ?
if you harm her in any way , i 'll kill you .
she is in the pocket of big <unk> .
tom has probably never had a girlfriend .
someone has slept in this bed .
mary says she knows tom could do that if he tried harder .
that would be extremely helpful .
please describe what occurred there .
more and more students are learning chinese .
tom has a passport .
we tried to warn them .
tom is the guy mary met the other day .
i don 't think tom knows why mary isn 't here .
tom decided that he wanted to live in australia .
as i told you before , i can 't help you do that .
if you were gone , i 'd die .
tom didn 't know why mary was sad .
tom and mary said they didn 't know what john 's reasons for not doing that were .
you don 't need language to understand the <unk> .
i like tom and mary , but they 're weird .
it 's you i 'm worried about .
tom taught me how to play chess .
that was the worst movie i 've ever seen .
i think that there 's a possibility that tom won 't want to do that .
sami and layla got married and <unk> in cairo .
i knew tom would be upset if i did that .
tom said that he thought mary was doing that today .
tom lives in a tiny house .
tom is a member of a golf club .
what ! ? you ate my chocolate bear ?
tell me what you see .
let 's go back to lesson three .
i think tom didn 't do that by mistake .
i 'll tell you exactly what has to be done .
tom said he thought mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon .
one day , they 're going to take away your driver 's license .
why is this so important ?
tom and mary denied that they 'd stolen the money .
i am relieved that you are safe .
their employees live in .
tom said that it should 've been simple .
don 't walk away from them .
tom was obviously frustrated .
he 's making a lot of money in the stock market .
tom doesn 't know why mary called him .
tom is being foolish , isn 't he ?
did we do that the week before last ?
tom needs to remember that .
you 're just getting started .
he lives in another state .
i may not be able to sing as well as tom , but i can sing .
nobody knows who did that .
she lost herself in the crowd .
i met with her again .
why is your french so good ?
sami made friends in this school .
mary is blind , isn 't she ?
it worked for me .
tom was <unk> , but mary wasn 't .
rome is an italian town .
i need to hear you say it .
she knows why .
i suspect that tom will have to do that on his own .
i told you tom and mary were dangerous .
i don 't use it .
this game is a lot of fun .
these kids are so bright and so talented .
i 'm sorry that i didn 't reply sooner .
the child took her mother 's hand .
maybe the red one ? it is cheaper .
real friends do not exist .
i 'd like to <unk> a room in a hotel .
tom can 't be over thirty .
my wife didn 't come with me .
i warned you not to trust them .
everybody knew that tom was unhappy .
they said they thinks that they can win .
i haven 't been to boston as many times as tom .
what is the tallest building in japan ?
when was the last time you sat up late ?
they say they aren 't guilty .
do you want to know my first impression of tom ?
it is not far from the hotel .
it 's going to take months .
do you know if tom and mary are allowed to do that ?
tom didn 't think anybody would enjoy doing that .
now that father is gone , we can talk <unk> .
the girl wants to know the truth .
" i am truly glad , for your sake and his , that he has returned from his <unk> <unk> . " " you do as a friend should ; but we will talk more tomorrow . "
sami could see layla 's makeup <unk> in the dark .
she said she 's done nothing wrong .
i tried to call you , but i couldn 't .
food shouldn 't look like this .
tom is a fan .
i am ashamed of having been rude to her .
tom is here to protect mary .
tom and mary said they don 't even want to think about it .
i think tom is in great shape .
they were afraid to do it by themselves .
i 'm sure going to miss him .
we 're both out of luck .
tom has been to boston three times .
this is the boy that helped me .
tom said mary was hoping we 'd do that for her .
we 're planning on going together .
it is a good idea for students to work <unk> while they are going to school .
i don 't think that anyone has tried doing that before .
<unk> ... this is going to be a very long week ...
he says that he didn 't cry .
my fingers are fine now .
tom placed flowers on mary 's grave .
he said he should 've left earlier .
tom 's body hasn 't been found .
i agree with tom .
she is taller than her mother .
i 'm moving next month .
something you should know about me is that when i get angry , i get quiet .
tom tried to do that for a long time , but eventually he gave up .
this set sami into a state of <unk> .
tom asked me to help him with his french homework .
tom seemed to be puzzled by something .
i handed him a map .
i 'm glad that we decided to do this .
they told me that they were bored .
<unk> everywhere are the same . they promise to build a bridge even where there is no river .
i was up all night doing homework .
i 'll thank them .
sami wanted to send the <unk> a message : i 'm smarter than you .
tom said he wouldn 't be home for dinner .
tom confessed that he did that .
it will be a pleasure for us to <unk> one of our favorite places in the whole world again tonight .
i can 't bear the thought of being away from you .
tom wanted to hire mary to take care of his children .
mary is almost as pretty as you .
i hope this isn 't a huge mistake .
she is not only intelligent but beautiful .
most people think that <unk> smoking is hard to do .
we are here , at the <unk> office , you see ?
i 'm paid a lot to do this .
mary admitted that she was impressed .
he walks with his hands in his pockets and his head in the clouds .
i 'm rather hesitant about asking him a favor .
how many <unk> of tea do you drink every day ?
he 'll be very happy he did that .
i don 't want to let him down .
i need some time with him .
is there a clothing store near here ?
would you like to borrow this book ?
not all of them are busy .
sami <unk> at the top of his voice .
i asked mary what had happened , but she wouldn 't tell me .
i thought you and tom were married .
he is very much interested in japanese history .
i just need to finish up .
you 're not supposed to park here .
could you come up here for a second ?
tom was the one who told me not to do that again .
ten years have passed .
i can 't sing as well as you .
i thought that i 'd be able to do that .
we stopped along the way to have lunch .
tom was a native of boston with deep <unk> in the community .
i was disappointed at your absence .
we can 't leave it like that .
i don 't want you to change .
it is <unk> whether he did his homework by himself .
i thought tom would use my office .
tom said he wants to be a fire <unk> .
you would have failed without his help .
he was laughed at by all the people present .
i don 't think that i 've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to <unk> me .
if tom wants to go , he can .
sami grabbed a kitchen knife .
tom is the most handsome man i 've ever met .
he is far from honest .
the old man was almost hit by a car .
i doubt tom will be offended .
tom seems to be cold .
is this the first time you 've seen this movie ?
i wasn 't expecting tom to help me .
why should i apologize to tom ?
i wonder if tom and mary are adopted .
i have nothing to offer .
the two brothers are still alive .
sami was murdered in the same room .
the houses are burning .
tom and mary watched a movie together .
tom doesn 't like to talk a lot .
tom and mary said their father told them never to do that again .
she told me that she knows the rules .
he cooked dinner for her .
mary has lost her touch .
the drink made tom sick .
were you surprised to see us ?
mary might 've waited longer if you 'd called her .
don 't you want the truth ?
mary is much smarter than you think she is .
tom and mary know that they 've done something wrong .
tom said he thought that it would be better if we didn 't do that .
i know tom plans to do that .
sami read layla a story .
please answer all the questions .
i 'm nothing like her .
your work consists of true facts and new <unk> . the problem is that what is true is not new , and what is new is not true .
my fingers are <unk> from playing the piano all day .
we hardly ever see each other anymore . we might as well be <unk> .
i only meant to scare her .
tom took a cup out of the <unk> .
i know that tom won 't help me do that .
mary was fortunate that tom helped her do that .
tom is mary 's former husband .
i don 't want to talk to tom .
you love him , don 't you ?
i assumed that you were happy .
tom said that he 'd been asked a lot of questions .
tom saw mary coming towards him .
i think you could do that if you tried .
you 'll cook tonight , won 't you ?
tom told me that wasn 't true .
where did you open them ?
tom asked mary where she lived , but she wouldn 't tell him .
it 's all thanks to sami .
tom didn 't know mary was sick .
do you often hang out with tom ?
you need to do that now .
sami and layla talked all night .
tom took his coat off and hung it up in the closet .
" am i <unk> anything ? " " oh no , come in , please . "
tom is complaining to the manager .
it 's not easy for me .
i 'll see you next monday in australia .
i 've made a lot of stupid mistakes .
do you think it will take long by bus ?
i 've decided to go to australia for the summer .
i wonder whether there 's any possibility tom will do that .
it 's stupid .
tom read and understood every word .
tom would never forgive himself if anything happened to mary .
tom watched a sad movie .
tom and mary said they felt fantastic .
" she started it ! " " no , you did ! "
i think tom is probably younger than you think he is .
give me that book , please .
does he write letters in english ?
i look forward to your next visit .
tom finished school in june .
tom said he thought he wouldn 't enjoy doing that .
it was totally worth it .
<unk> , my wife and i sleep together two times a week .
tom was just not ready .
everyone was young once .
do you continue to like me , even knowing the real me ?
tom is rather weak .
i don 't want you to date tom .
i still think it 's unlikely that we 'll find any evidence to prove tom 's <unk> .
boys think a lot about girls .
i don 't think tom knows when mary will leave boston .
they never joke about their jobs .
tom might call later .
something 's wrong with tom 's car .
we are forty three in all .
mary bought a new sport <unk> <unk> so that her children would be comfortable when she drove them to soccer practice .
tom is going to do what mary tells him to do .
i had to go back to boston without tom .
tom and mary are having an argument .
tom and mary don 't have keys .
well , for the practical problem , in the <unk> of those <unk> flying around i 'm surprised they 've been able to keep that club running .
i still sometimes play golf with tom .
the map that tom drew for me didn 't help at all .
i might get arrested if i do that .
this is my business address .
i think tom and mary wouldn 't be forgiven for doing that if they weren 't so young .
tom and mary don 't want to come home .
he still writes to me from time to time .
i don 't know when tom will arrive .
this is the first time i 've ever <unk> a year .
are you planning on helping tom ?
i want to apologize for the other day .
tom wasn 't surprised how hard it was to do that .
i 'd rather see him .
i like to invite my friends home .
you 're right . i 'm scared .
he woke up to find himself lying on a park bench .
i 'm getting used to doing that .
you 've finished your work .
it was just like you said it would be .
how long do you want to sleep ?
it will be all the same a hundred years <unk> .
sami had every right to be feeling like that .
sami 's manager went to jail .
tom wasn 't very kind to me .
did you know that tom and mary were dating ?
i don 't live in australia now .
i haven 't figured it all out yet .
i 'm the one who stole tom 's money .
how great is the risk ?
i don 't think that you really understand what i 'm trying to say .
she 's the perfect girl for him .
my friend has dark and <unk> thoughts and i don 't know how i can help her .
mary is tough , isn 't she ?
tom and mary told me that they used to be married .
he is a man , she is a woman .
tom told mary to wait for him in front of the station .
he drank a lot yesterday .
tom has a lot of <unk> to do .
tom and mary said they 're furious .
dan wasn 't satisfied with linda 's <unk> .
they want more .
i knew you 'd like what tom gave you .
tom has been ordered not to do that .
tom is already used to that .
i know tom doesn 't know he 's supposed to do that .
tom 's success was due in part to luck .
i don 't think she 'll be back before five .
tom said that he didn 't think mary was mad anymore .
they 're finally here .
tom has had a crush on mary for years .
sami should have said this to layla .
mary is here in australia , isn 't she ?
i can 't teach french anymore .
mary says she finished writing the report .
you 're not late .
what were you doing in there ?
let 's just keep tom out of this .
tom kind of went nuts .
i know tom is from boston .
i 'm not going out because i have to do my homework .
you 're all wet .
i 'm really not too happy about it .
i want to thank all of you who worked so hard to make this event happen .
tom has been trying to get a loan from a bank .
how much longer do you think this will take ?
sami is moving out and he doesn 't want this dog anymore .
did you think i was blind ?
i 'd die without you .
i attended school in boston .
i remember singing <unk> every day during music lessons .
he told me his life 's story .
tom told me he thought that mary had been scared .
my whole life long , i fought against <unk> .
is there any chance that he 'll <unk> ?
i 'm not going to quit now .
he had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave .
tom is a heavy <unk> , isn 't he ?
give him something to drink .
tom is much better at french than me .
i thought that you were going to be in boston tonight .
i can 't get this computer to work .
the lake is ten miles about .
you look like your father .
sami was drunk or something .
you 're not actually going to do that , are you ?
tom is always tired .
you get the next one .
the children are <unk> the boy 's birthday .
tom is the one you should ask to help you .
and the tea isn 't good either .
tom said that he wasn 't the only one who didn 't like doing that .
tom and mary wouldn 't really buy that , would they ?
saying is one thing and doing another .
when are you going to tell tom that you want to get married ?
i want to go swimming today .
mary hardly ever <unk> things she doesn 't need .
tom personally invited mary .
would you let me think about it for a while ?
tom and mary said they weren 't used this kind of hot weather .
i know that tom and mary are impatient .
is tom better at playing tennis or playing golf ?
may there never be another world war !
tom and mary can 't decide when they should leave .
mary used to do that a lot , didn 't she ?
the boss wouldn 't let us go home early .
i can 't understand why tom is angry .
these are tom 's and mary 's <unk> .
tom said mary thought that she had to do that .
tom said that i shouldn 't do that .
tom and mary said that they wouldn 't do it again .
they said that they didn 't get it .
they say they did it for the money .
let 's return to japan together .
tom didn 't want to tell anybody about what he had done .
that 's not how i did that .
tom never got on the plane .
have a good summer .
you have to earn her trust .
mary said she didn 't expect anyone to do that .
we need to go back in .
tom bought his son a model train set .
do you have a girl ?
the other day , a water quality <unk> was carried out at our house . we had it done by a certain famous company 's environment <unk> center or some such name .
tom and mary are both pretty conservative , aren 't they ?
tom took a creative writing class .
tom has joined the army .
for my own poor part , the <unk> summer left me out of health , out of <unk> , and , if the truth must be told , out of money as well .
i know tom and mary aren 't here .
they knew they needed to leave town .
he let me stay for a night .
when meeting a person for the first time , keep the conversation light .
mary wasn 't able to find what she was looking for .
there must be a reason that tom isn 't here .
the decision is not easy .
i do that sometimes .
your skin is so soft .
tom didn 't know mary wasn 't going to be able to do that .
he 's just had his teeth cleaned .
this is no laughing matter .
thus he succeeded in winning her heart .
tom , mary , john and alice all looked relieved .
i 'm on the same team tom is .
it is <unk> if the letter ever came or not .
having finished the work , he went to bed .
she said that she felt the same .
do you still have something to say ?
it was not until yesterday that i learned the truth .
i 'll read you the poem i wrote just now .
tom is going to help you do that if you want him to .
that shirt looks good on you .
has tom paid you back the money he owes you ?
i 'd like to work in australia .
tom and mary looked at each other <unk> .
i heard tom in the kitchen .
can you hold my hand ?
i lived in australia before i came to new zealand .
my <unk> to the hands that made this possible .
tom ordered the dog to sit .
tom is an excellent driver .
i want mary to do that by herself .
this dog jumped .
how could someone even come up with stuff like that ?
are you ready to do that ?
i don 't think tom is nervous .
" help ! " he shouted .
i don 't have a telephone .
tom seemed terrified of something .
i want breakfast in my room .
it 's not my place to question tom 's <unk> .
tom asked me where i 'd bought my <unk> .
tom was supposed to go to australia with mary .
tom kept his promise and did what he said he 'd do .
sami doesn 't want to believe it .
are they eating the apple ?
break me off a piece .
your glasses are broken .
it is raining hard .
i don 't think that i can afford to buy a new computer now .
mary pulled her shirt up over her head .
layla and sami 's marriage was falling apart .
i was quite satisfied .
don 't try to play innocent .
haven 't you eaten yet ?
tom and mary barely knew each other .
sami saw a very different side of layla .
everyone knew tom was unhappy .
the last time i saw tom he was eating an apple .
the press is interested in his private life .
are you ready to go ?
i just want a little more time .
these flowers were sent by tom .
what do you find attractive about me ?
we can go take a walk on the <unk> .
aren 't you glad we <unk> that up ?
tom lies to mary all the time .
i just don 't want to fight with you .
i can 't eat fruit in the morning .
i assumed you would come .
do you think tom and mary are in boston ?
mary told me that she thought tom was being <unk> .
i like french cooking .
what will we do , when you get here ?
you must swear to keep your promise .
they do whatever we tell them .
mary is a talented <unk> , isn 't she ?
neither tom nor mary has been <unk> from school .
i 've got a meeting i 've got to go to .
tom has gone crazy .
layla has become an important part of sami 's life .
she said that she wasn 't free .
i am sorry to have troubled you .
i know somebody who 's perfect for the job .
are you rich ?
tom liked to laugh .
tom didn 't have long to wait .
ask tom to stop lying .
surely no one will look for this sentence .
mary knows what she 's going to do .
i think you 've confused me with someone else .
tom seems to be a nice fellow .
people of all ages like this song .
i hid behind a tree .
tom said he should have done that .
sami was still living with layla .
in the downtown area , all traffic has come to a <unk> .
i know tom isn 't afraid to do that .
nobody can break his record .
i knew tom was all alone .
when i came back , my car was gone .
how long have you been waiting ?
i 'm here to apologize .
do you really feel sorry for tom ?
tom doesn 't know where mary learned how to drive .
you need not have come so early in the morning .
he is right who is happy .
was that tom you were talking to ?
i also kissed tom .
he walked into his apartment .
the car <unk> to start , we went by bus .
put your hands up in the air .
tom couldn 't get mary to eat her vegetables .
how do you tell each other apart ?
you shall have a nice cake .
do you have any idea why tom doesn 't like mary ?
she filled a bottle .
" hey , look what i can do ! " " i 'm trying to work , tom . "
that sounds really good .
we were just about to do that .
i tried to talk tom into coming home .
tom is the only other guy who said he was interested in doing that .
i can 't let them catch me .
she looked for her glasses .
they 've been living in paris for a year .
tom and mary do everything they 're asked to do .
tom has to go even if it rains .
you could go <unk> with tom if you want .
i 'll keep in contact .
the debt crisis is not over .
tom and mary say they thought they could do that by themselves .
do you think tom and mary are still at home ?
don 't let tom do that by himself .
tom never found out the truth about mary and john .
tom said he hopes that mary won 't need to do that .
tom and mary should probably tell john they 're going to do that .
let me introduce you to mr. white .
what did i do ?
what makes you think tom would be able to do that ?
fadil paid an early morning visit to <unk> .
the murder remains a mystery .
are you ready to leave ?
i think both tom and mary are thirty years old .
tom told everybody that he didn 't want to do that .
layla refused to waste time waiting around for mr. perfect .
it 's okay . i won 't bite .
my father doesn 't allow me to go out with bill .
time is the most valuable thing a man can spend .
tom is likely to be very hungry when he gets home .
mary couldn 't do that , so she asked tom to help her .
i 've decided not to stay until monday .
tom bet mary that he could beat her at arm <unk> .
you 're a very good french teacher .
if you would talk less and listen more , you might learn something .
tom and mary told me that they 're cold .
mary said that she was homesick .
i know that tom saw me doing that .
i wonder if tom and i are safe here .
nothing bad ever happened so tom made up stories .
she warned the children against playing in the street .
tom shouldn 't tell mary that he 's going to australia .
tom said that he feels like doing that .
i didn 't know that i wouldn 't be allowed to do that .
the man is wearing a pair of glasses .
tom is between jobs now .
i thought i heard my name being called .
i know that tom isn 't much taller than mary .
i wasn 't satisfied with the results .
i must brush my back teeth .
still still is the pond i remember .
tom handed the money to mary .
do you think tom and mary will do that together ?
that 's nothing to be ashamed of .
tom was a student in australia at that time .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be permitted to do that again .
i don 't think that tom likes anybody .
sami has a debt with me .
we learn a lot while traveling .
i can 't lend you this book .
tom isn 't as sure about this as mary is .
the refrigerator is dirty .
mary may go home by herself .
we expect him to succeed .
i haven 't eaten anything since yesterday .
close the window , please .
he was acting on his own .
would you mind walking the dog ?
i 'm the only person who knows where tom and mary are .
we tried to cheer him up .
let 's fire them .
tom prepared a healthy meal for mary .
tom does that when he 's drunk .
nor am i .
tom didn 't know whether he should do that or not .
tom said he thought that he 'd have to do that tomorrow .
how many times have you seen this ?
tom doesn 't want to do that without the <unk> tools .
why do you lie for him ?
tom said he didn 't think that mary really wanted to do that .
you know that i can 't wait .
tom was wearing a <unk> hat the last time i saw him .
we 've still got a month left .
tom said he wasn 't in australia .
there 's no way tom could 've done this by himself .
i don 't think mary knows how tom feels about her .
tom said that he wasn 't planning on going camping this weekend .
i would never have done it that way .
tom is one of the <unk> men in town .
i fought back .
i 'd really enjoy going skiing with you this weekend .
you 'll never be able to do it by yourself .
i had to send tom home .
i cannot do without this dictionary .
keep in mind that you must die .
i hope you enjoyed your stay in boston .
tom did what he could for mary , but it wasn 't enough .
i don 't know who this man is .
you never seem to be interested in doing that .
i 've finished cleaning the apartment .
i work here . i 'm no guest .
the french president is to visit japan next month .
fadil wanted to keep layla for ever .
who is he looking for ?
let 's find out how much we owe tom .
she sometimes talks in her sleep .
tom and mary made it quite clear what they didn 't want us to do .
he said he was looking for you .
mary has been told not to try to do that by herself .
the charge for a front row seats is 5 dollars .
we got lucky .
sami gave away millions of dollars to help protect the environment .
sami let layla stay in his house .
why was money invented ?
so , what 'll you give me ?
shut up and listen , kid .
we want some advice .
we clean our classroom after school .
i think tom won 't resign .
we 're being watched .
i asked him about his new book .
he 'll come if you call him .
tom never talks about work .
tom 's trial date hasn 't been set .
i didn 't want to let tom into my house .
i knew that tom would be surprised if mary did that .
where are your daughters ?
tom and mary are both still in australia , aren 't they ?
i try to never make the same mistake twice .
there are no hidden service charges .
he believed the earth round .
tom didn 't speak french .
take a seat over there .
so this is new york .
she devoted her life to helping the <unk> .
we adopted her .
that job was not very interesting , but on the other hand it was well paid .
i think tom injured himself .
all three of us have to go to that meeting .
i heard there was some trouble at tom 's house last night .
i have loved you since i first met you .
you don 't really care what tom wants , do you ?
tom might end up back in australia .
why aren 't you laughing ?
i 'm leaving early next week .
what do you like ?
tom won 't be upset if mary does that .
you must not sit up late .
how many people have your name ?
they told me they 'd walk home .
<unk> your steps and maybe you 'll find your keys .
i thought that i would feel better if i got some <unk> after the <unk> . but talking to him just made it worse .
they told me they hated doing that .
tom said i shouldn 't have told mary about that .
mary wasn 't expecting you to do that for her .
didn 't you know tom likes doing that ?
tell me about it . i 'm all ears .
are you going to stay there for long ?
do you really think tom and mary are <unk> ?
the moment she saw me , she started to laugh .
i wonder whether tom was really at school today .
tom thought mary wasn 't going to be doing that .
that was pretty easy .
tom will probably do that again .
i don 't think you should go to boston .
they look so similar that i don 't know who is who .
i guess my wife was right .
allow us to do our job .
either i 'll do that or tom will .
they said they were poor .
i don 't believe that 'll happen .
i told him to clear out of the room .
i wanted tom to study french .
tom picked up his pencil and started to write .
tom wanted mary to help him clean the living room .
tom didn 't want to see either of us .
tom told maria that she was fat and ugly .
both garage doors were open .
don 't listen to him , mary . he <unk> the poor girl all the way , that <unk> !
mary said she didn 't want to do that with me .
tom pushed the door closed .
tom was probably about thirteen years old at the time .
tom is very particular .
tom doesn 't have a car .
the dress shirt is dirty .
they are generous with their money .
i 'll bring you the bill immediately .
tom had fallen <unk> in love with her .
neither tom nor mary has been helping us with that .
he was open to a different way of thinking .
i 'm pretty tired from last night .
i 've saved you a seat next to me .
why don 't you tell me about it ?
women also played an important role during the war .
sorry . i should move .
is tom still be willing to do that ?
i 'm going to visit tom soon .
we need to recognize that .
take care of him .
tom didn 't talk about it .
yesterday i went to bed without <unk> my teeth .
she baked a cake for her friend .
sami kept looking at me .
i did that <unk> , didn 't i ?
sami 's name <unk> up on layla 's phone .
sorry , but i want to point out a few <unk> .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice wasn 't surprised .
there is a post office close by .
i 'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar .
give this to them .
how could you let tom do this ?
tom promised that he wouldn 't lie to me anymore .
they didn 't notice the increase in noise .
sami cut his finger and went to get a <unk> .
<unk> , i am late to the meeting .
i 'm used to keeping early hours .
there is nothing to cancel .
they live hard lives .
we can 't let this continue .
mary 's been here at least once , hasn 't she ?
sami 's bus was late .
tom wanted to be near you .
tom could be very hungry when he gets home .
tom and i enjoy spending time together .
if you don 't want to answer , you don 't have to .
i wonder whether tom knew we should do that .
we don 't want them to leave .
tom and mary said that they didn 't think doing that would be hard .
tom had no money .
we will have dinner .
he said that he wasn 't broke .
i don 't know when tom plans on doing that .
i want her on my team .
i 'm suddenly very thirsty .
leave the dog outside .
i 've had some chances .
i saw tom last weekend at the club .
they knew this only one of them , that he had lost his peace of mind by a kiss , the other that her suffering <unk> from a bath .
sami didn 't have experience .
i refuse to work .
you don 't have to do this , you know .
let 's go the other way .
tom isn 't the <unk> of the committee .
tom and i 'll visit boston .
did tom buy anything for mary ?
he 'll be back by monday morning at the latest .
you think i don 't have to do that , don 't you ?
mary said she wants her money back .
tom never should have come to boston .
i should probably tell tom how to do that .
leave our house .
putting ideas into practice is difficult .
i haven 't spoken with tom since he got married .
he 's from germany .
the rain that fell during the last few days has filled the <unk> .
i 'm fully aware of that .
tom is never going to change his mind .
pray for me .
you 're feeling very sleepy , aren 't you ?
tom and i played chess for several hours .
tom decided to call mary .
we haven 't met for ages .
it wouldn 't be fair to them .
it is five years since my father died .
hello , grandfather .
tom and mary said they thought john needed to do that before alice got here .
tom has no idea where mary goes on monday <unk> .
didn 't i tell you not to go there ?
can you guess where i am right now ?
you 're sleepy , so go to bed .
tom said he hoped mary was getting better .
i 've seen it before .
tom doesn 't get sick .
tom told me mary was a better <unk> than you .
" right , shall we be off then ? " " yes . let 's go ! "
he is <unk> the oldest man in the village .
we may all have to do something we don 't want to do .
he 's able to do that on his own .
i 'm sure i can find something for you to drink .
tom and mary told me that they were unlucky .
tom and mary left alone .
mary says she thinks she won 't do that .
i know where to hide .
tom built things .
i don 't think anyone has tried doing that before .
i 'm wondering how long $ 100 will last me .
when you think things cannot possibly get worse , that 's when i show up .
tom is going to go to boston next summer .
i really should 've gone to boston .
read this story !
i don 't even think about it .
tom held the gun to his head .
i 'm afraid of speaking in public .
do good to them which hate you .
as soon as mary has finished doing that , she 'll go home .
i got what i came for .
i don 't know who painted this picture .
i want to be somebody when i grow up .
this book is black .
we want tom at our table .
i 'm a stranger here myself . i 'm afraid i can 't help you .
tom and mary invited john and his sister to their party .
time seemed to stop .
she seems to have something to do with the affair .
can 't you come to boston with tom ?
sami knew he couldn 't do this anymore .
mary said she hoped tom wouldn 't do that again .
mary said she 'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon .
i 'm from australia .
tom is still mad .
what 's become of your dog ?
she was busy <unk> . in the <unk> , he was taking a nap by the fire .
i went to a halloween party .
sami 's incredible story began in egypt .
we aren 't ready to go home yet .
tom will want to help .
you were supposed to wait .
we need to get back to boston tonight .
tom never even saw us .
mary said that she wasn 't really scared .
i prefer apples to oranges .
and then i breathe a <unk> from <unk> in being unable to do anything about it .
i found out who did that .
cry all you want .
where did you find this ring ?
do we have anything else ?
sami sent layla a picture of his <unk> .
i couldn 't visit australia last summer .
sami continued to sit at layla 's lunch table .
did your husband foot the bill ?
you were right before .
he said it out loud .
tom has already decided that he isn 't going to walk home .
who gave this to her ?
what else did tom eat ?
the best fish smell when they are three days old .
two men were on watch round the body .
tom said i was the one who should tell mary she shouldn 't do that again .
i 'm sure somebody will do that for us .
i 've been sick .
i suggest that you talk to tom .
tom thought that mary would be depressed .
she hadn 't spoken french .
i don 't see tom as much as i used to .
tom 's dog is very big .
i 'll find out what 's happening .
tom couldn 't smell anything .
i think tom should study harder .
do you mind ?
this is the best <unk> currently being sold .
i wasn 't feeling well .
tom should 've been helping mary .
we seek happiness .
tom didn 't think he 'd ever get used to <unk> food .
tom doesn 't deserve to be punished .
tom and mary might not really be as busy as they say they are .
i 'll be hungry when i get there .
it 's something my mother used to do .
she said she had nowhere to go .
i had to go home and change .
i 'll go if you will .
i don 't receive on sundays .
layla felt very comfortable around sami .
my plan is working perfectly .
if you are taking your shoes off , please put them in their place .
i have had no news from him yet .
tom and mary saved the last two <unk> for themselves .
tom is the one who invited me .
mary thought that she had time .
we could do that together .
your face is familiar to me .
i have feelings for you , fadil . i love you .
i wish to see tom immediately .
who 's the one who has to do that ?
i don 't pay any attention to <unk> .
tom isn 't wearing a jacket .
tom said that he wasn 't planning on staying at an expensive hotel .
i didn 't like living in australia .
tom was popular with both students and teachers .
as tom said , this soup is too <unk> .
we 'll arrive within the hour .
how did you know i 'd be here ?
you 're wasting your time with me .
my third husband bought me this .
sami 's lawyer wanted to create reasonable doubt in the minds of the <unk> .
sami ran into trouble .
tom said he thought he didn 't need to do that .
the water the cat drank was not <unk> .
mary looks like she 's curious .
they said they 'd be cooperative .
he got drunk with his friends .
it 's tom 's turn next .
raise up your left hand .
i think you know that .
i wonder whether tom and mary are waiting for us .
he looks like he 's hungry .
tom isn 't interested in becoming famous .
tom must pay for what he 's done .
tom is a very brave soul .
please take a rest for a few days .
the news report only told one side of the story .
there doesn 't seem to be anybody inside the house .
he will be sorry for it some day .
i didn 't know tom might need to do that this week .
i know i was wrong .
i suspect that tom is prepared to do that .
i didn 't notice that tom was sitting by himself .
her friends talked her out of it .
she loved her garden .
the dog is eating .
do you remember what they were wearing ?
tom probably doesn 't know mary well enough to know what she 'll do .
you will never be too old to learn .
i ran into an old friend of mine this morning .
i don 't think that i 'll be in my office tomorrow morning .
tom went to see mary .
didn 't you know about this ?
we may <unk> your personal information with other information .
if you get that job , the world will be your <unk> .
i am not nice , i am <unk> .
i don 't like baseball .
the kids are at school .
tom , mary , john and alice all went into the cave .
how did <unk> keep the animals from eating each other ?
mary has quite a career ahead of her .
tom doesn 't always come late .
can you speak up ?
mark 's book is very interesting .
is there something else you want to tell me ?
he has his reasons for doing that .
tom started a list , so he wouldn 't forget anything .
she told me that she 's very hungry .
does this mean i can win ?
tom said he may not win .
i 'm pretty sure i can help them .
no , no ! that 's not right .
what do you know about mary 's boyfriend ?
tom apparently didn 't have to do that .
i had my watch stolen last night .
all the girls in tom 's class are in love with him .
tom and mary sat next to each other on the sofa .
tom told everyone that he thought mary would make a good wife for someone someday .
is tom nearby ?
i have no desire to dance .
i wonder whether tom and mary are here today .
i tried to leave early , but people kept asking me for help .
the next two years were busy ones for jackson .
the temperature went down ten degrees .
i arrived late last night .
tom said that he was sleepy .
they said that they did nothing wrong .
i can 't find mary . i think she must 've gone home .
i hate tom , to tell you the truth .
tom knew that they were watching him .
i need to get out more .
but for my brother 's help , i would have drowned .
take it easy . i can <unk> you that everything will turn out fine .
tom is sound asleep , but mary is awake .
let the door be closed at once .
tom is in a lot of trouble , isn 't he ?
tom wants to know who you want to hire .
mary told me that she doesn 't like tom .
you didn 't tell them what she wrote in that article .
i think it 'll be hard to do that .
tom looked old .
mary saw something she wasn 't supposed to see .
i know tom is alive .
i <unk> hope you 'll get well soon .
tom isn 't the only one who 's busy .
what else could you want ?
sami went there the next day .
do you go to school on foot or by bicycle ?
i don 't talk to them anymore .
we 're just wasting time .
tom and mary told us about their day .
the woman over there holding a baby is my wife .
tom and mary said more than they should 've .
layla <unk> wanted to give fadil a baby .
i do think i understand .
life is wonderful .
i didn 't know that i was going to have to help tom do that .
you missed them , didn 't you ?
we waited for <unk> at the library for an hour , but she didn 't appear .
she is a friend of my wife 's .
nothing <unk> that there 's going to be something done about it .
sami was sentenced to six years in prison .
the restaurant is closed .
i don 't think it 'll rain .
he 's <unk> on finding out who killed his daughter .
slow down ! there are emergency <unk> ahead .
perhaps i should talk to tom .
did you have a good time yesterday ?
that book still makes me cry .
they didn 't feel sorry for themselves .
i have a pain in my foot .
tom didn 't have anything to do with the accident .
tom didn 't sound very optimistic .
they put on their <unk> and went outside .
i 'd really like to go to boston with you .
it 's possible that tom and mary aren 't telling the truth .
now i know better .
he wanted to talk to tom .
ask tom if he 'll do that .
she agreed with him that i should go to the meeting .
i don 't really like italian food very much .
keep on working while i 'm away .
she told me that she 's nervous .
you can do that even better than tom can .
i 'll definitely miss you .
tom told everybody he 'd seen that movie three times .
tom wondered what mary had been doing .
you should marry her .
sami had a new home in cairo .
i have all the time in the world .
tom doesn 't like his contract .
it looks like tom can 't solve that problem .
i wonder why tom didn 't come to school yesterday .
tom doesn 't have a daughter .
where 's my tea ?
i know tom is all right .
excuse me , can i join you ?
i don 't think that tom would want to go to australia with you .
i really do feel sorry for tom .
tom almost went to australia last month .
sami broke the news of layla 's death to her family .
tom told mary that i was glad that that had happened .
the truck is gone .
i saw the film , which was not so good .
tom speaks french a lot better than i do .
tom doesn 't like cats .
you must return .
there is something in my eye .
what do the rest of us have to do to convince you ?
sami saved that dog 's life .
this is your only chance .
mary told me she 'd walk home .
maybe tom asked mary to do that .
he has too many books .
sami said the cookies were awful .
tom says he 's planning to go to boston with mary .
tom and mary got married last october .
these people are anything but innocent .
i wasn 't convinced that tom had to do that .
tom joined our band as the <unk> in 2013 .
they haven 't told us their opinions yet .
you 're students , aren 't you ?
i don 't think that i want to eat right now .
you say you want to visit tom ? why in the world would you want to do that ?
i 'm starting to miss my girlfriend .
i thought that we 'd be comfortable here .
don 't you just hate it when street people ask you for money only to buy <unk> ?
life is too short to be afraid to fall in love .
can i change the date of return ?
sami has become layla 's life .
that 's the last i heard from tom .
layla was our family doctor .
you should probably tell tom you don 't want to do that .
i just couldn 't say no to tom .
do you plan on doing that again ?
would tom still be willing to do that ?
i don 't think that you mean that .
i think tom is likely to be home on monday .
tom said that he was very interested in doing that .
you better watch your back !
there 's nothing to drink .
how do you know which one is yours ?
he says he needs to talk with you .
since you did the cooking , i 'll do the dishes .
the news turned out to be true .
a tall woman came along .
i 'm considering going back to australia .
we 've got to stick together .
sami will be fired .
she said she didn 't feel tired .
sami 's dog was barking at the window .
you spend too much time with her .
we bought the man 's house .
i just talked to him .
i want to go there once more .
i have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow .
it was nice to meet you , and i look forward to hearing from you .
layla was looking cute .
this bridge was built in 2013 .
fadil has always wanted more .
how much does it cost to enter ?
you 're the one i want to live with for the rest of my life .
pray and work .
tom and i didn 't have a lot of time to talk .
mary told tom that she was interested .
sami knew that layla was lying to him .
i hope that it doesn 't come to that .
tom cried as he read mary 's letter .
i don 't think tom and mary know how much it 'll cost .
he isn 't as <unk> as he used to be .
sami and layla were married .
i 'll teach you how to write .
i need to see my father .
tom didn 't like that idea .
we 're about the same age as you .
the <unk> of others leaves a weird taste .
do you really think i should see a <unk> ?
there was nothing that was going to stop fadil .
i caught up with the others .
mary is the only woman i 've ever loved .
tom wanted mary to <unk> in the <unk> for his painting , but she refused to do so .
tom is still angry with mary .
i 'm not satisfied either .
tom and mary both turned to look at john .
she thought : " oh ! if he only knew that for the sake of being with him i had given up my voice forever ! "
tom told me he thought that mary was <unk> .
i 'd like to see tom at 2 : 30 .
tom said no one had asked him to do that .
i won 't let anything bad happen .
i probably won 't study french .
sami did smoke weed .
tom and mary said they don 't think john really had to do that yesterday morning .
tom was the first name we thought of .
i know that tom used to be good at doing that .
tom and mary will do what john told them to do .
i 'd be happy to come in .
how to <unk> and keep new customers for a small business ?
in new york there are a lot of japanese <unk> .
i love tea .
what am i doing wrong ?
tom 's life with mary was no bed of roses .
has tom paid you for <unk> his lawn ?
do you go to school by bus or by train ?
tom doesn 't obey me .
i need to feed her .
who are tom and mary waiting for ?
i suspect that tom is irritated .
i invited tom to eat dinner with us tomorrow .
he trusted you .
sami thinks i am lying .
let 's talk to tom about that .
you look like a policeman .
i 've missed tom .
he could not bear to see the scene .
i don 't have time to talk to you right now .
i might not have told her that .
i didn 't know you were planning to do that while you were in australia .
tom and mary seem to be <unk> of what they have to do .
how the hell did you get a picture of my living room ?
his concert attracted many people .
i don 't like it any more than you do .
tom thought that his house was haunted .
she fell into conversation with her neighbors .
it isn 't likely tom will come .
tom thinks we 're dead .
you had better not think of everything in terms of money .
that 's a mistake .
the boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus .
we must do as they say .
let 's give them the chance to find out .
i 'm not here to celebrate .
sami became <unk> so much so that he accused layla of having an affair .
please don 't complain so much .
tom and mary told us they didn 't want to eat anything <unk> .
we played cards after dinner .
she doesn 't know how to cook <unk> .
i wanna get paid .
sami said there was something wrong with layla 's car .
many books are published in <unk> every year .
is it true that tom will be taking your place ?
do you think tom might be just a little too impatient ?
i don 't believe i can win .
tom seldom asks questions .
tom and mary say they speak french .
tom has been a big help .
the room was crowded .
it isn 't certain whether tom will do that or not .
tom didn 't stay in australia as long as he wanted to .
we just want to have a few questions answered .
he likes to swim , doesn 't he ?
does tom know i want him to win ?
the police searched for the stolen computers but they were never recovered .
he wants us to die with him .
i 'm still hanging in there .
i started writing a book .
do you really think you could help ?
sami had layla 's phone number .
is this the place i need to be ?
sami 's <unk> will save millions of lives .
there 's no need to say anything else .
i 'll get <unk> to do my work during my absence .
i 'm tired because i worked too much .
tom told me to come to australia .
it doesn 't matter whether tom and mary do that or not .
i knew that tom wasn 't going to resign .
do you think that that 's fair ?
sami is feeling so much better .
tom is the guy i went to australia with .
mary is pretty amazing , isn 't she ?
do you have seats available for the concert ?
that will run .
i regret that i lied .
go be with them .
when did you find out that tom was the one who broke into your house ?
tom gave me three good pieces of advice .
i didn 't know what was in the envelope .
tom is very conservative , isn 't he ?
i will succeed at any cost .
did mary say where she went last weekend ?
tom is going to explain why that happened .
tom found what he was looking for under the table .
i think that tom has some relatives in boston .
i don 't feel like going to the movies tonight .
tom will probably make a fortune .
i 'd think you 'd understand .
it was love at first sight .
tom seemed to be having trouble opening the door .
she may do that by herself .
i get a lot of <unk> out of my work .
compared with her husband , she is not so careful .
it is dangerous to <unk> in this river .
i know i could 've done that better .
i doubt i can get tom to do that .
tom is worried that he might get fired .
i won 't be a party to this .
tom has decided he 's going to stay .
what time do you think you 'll likely arrive ?
your opinion is important to me .
tom became very famous .
they are eager to win the next game .
you 've done all you can .
i like this office .
we 'd better do what they ask .
he 's so cute when he does that .
i didn 't know that tom was mary 's french teacher .
what else can i do to help you ?
you deserve more than that .
it will go hard with him if he is found out .
i asked mary where she was going .
she could get hurt if she did that .
" how many <unk> did you have before i came over ? " " i only had five or six . "
he shouted to the men inside that he wished to talk .
mary said she 's been to boston .
is it too early in the morning to be playing ?
tom didn 't tell mary what he wants to eat .
he lost his shoes .
it 's no problem for me to do it this afternoon .
tom wasn 't tired .
the plan talks a lot about active <unk> . but it must be active and engaged <unk> .
i 'm <unk> the same age as tom and mary are .
layla was still wearing her wedding ring .
she let herself go .
i know that tom and mary are competitive .
sami was not muslim .
i wonder why tom is being so quiet .
are you going to be there ?
mary said she didn 't mind doing that at all .
tom and mary wondered what they were supposed say .
i 've never seen him so upset .
they told me that they wanted to leave .
i 'll tell you some things about tom that you probably don 't know .
tom and mary assured me that they wouldn 't do that again .
sami was in the room with layla .
she wants to write for television .
tom seems to be a nice guy .
do you think tom did that just for <unk> ?
he said that he was cold .
i saved one .
i have to park my car here .
she did not believe me .
you can see many animals in this forest .
let 's wait around for her .
tom just wouldn 't do that .
i thought that this was a hospital .
i lost your phone number .
i know that tom isn 't a french teacher anymore .
it was a good idea to create tatoeba .
tom isn 't going to let that happen .
tom managed to finish the work without any help .
he says that he never dreams .
tom is certain to come on time .
tom continued doing that his whole life .
after a few minutes , i began to lose interest in the conversation .
the film was much better than i 'd expected it to be .
i won 't let you escape .
i have visited paris once .
tom was sitting alone in his apartment .
tom 's house isn 't far from where he works .
tom and mary asked me if they could go home early today .
i am delighted at your success .
mary did some quick math in her head .
i love this car .
i was away for five minutes .
tom said he thought that i was dead .
we 're about to go swimming .
they say that they won 't do it anymore .
you look really bored .
sami doesn 't know layla and he doesn 't know anything about her .
could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem ?
mary said that she was very nervous .
tom said that he was poor .
tom is the most patient person i know .
they said they figured they could win .
mary says she isn 't sleepy yet .
how pretty she is !
i know you 're in pain .
tom opened his <unk> and took out his books .
they admitted they didn 't do that .
i should 've asked tom when i had the chance .
everybody knew that she spoke very good english .
tom is hoping it doesn 't come to that .
i almost married tom .
tom won 't listen to anything you say .
sami didn 't date anybody else .
layla walked into the bathroom .
tom must have tried cleaning this without using <unk> .
tom told me that he 'd like to visit us in australia .
tom and mary wouldn 't have been able to get their homework done if john hadn 't helped them .
i really hope tom and mary are right .
you seem really busy .
this is not funny anymore .
what you said isn 't true .
tom fell into bad company .
tom slept much longer than he had intended .
i was kind of surprised when tom said he didn 't know to do that .
why do my feet hurt ?
it didn 't taste good .
i bought you some flowers .
they said they 'd do that for us .
tom and mary felt like they 'd been betrayed .
the <unk> victim is alive , but just barely .
they 'll go on not eating fruit .
it would be great if the weather got <unk> tomorrow .
i sat behind a very tall man in the theater .
i don 't think i like what you 're doing .
japan plays a key role in the world economy .
do you usually eat breakfast before seven ?
sami wanted to settle down .
he stole his father 's car .
tom doesn 't need mary to tell him how to do that .
i haven 't liked anything i 've seen so far .
he has given us not a little trouble .
sami had to take his medication .
i 'm not in a good mood .
i don 't like the same kind of music as tom does .
the sound woke us up .
sami doesn 't know who shot him .
she never told me she was married .
do tom and mary still always speak french to you ?
tom and mary showed me their photo album .
there was no way i could not have asked tom that question .
i 've already put tom to work on it .
tom said he isn 't going to be here tomorrow .
i didn 't make it in time .
aren 't you going to buy one of those ?
tom said that he didn 't have to go to australia next week .
i don 't think i have any chance of winning .
she stands a good chance of winning the prize .
they both stared out of the window watching the snow fall .
mary knows she 's going to be arrested .
tom said that he didn 't mean to be late .
i should like us to consider whether it would be <unk> not to make a decision today .
tom did say some important things .
he 's an <unk> for a big insurance company .
i know both tom and mary are allergic to peanuts .
it 's dinner time .
when did tom give you that ?
we arrived there before noon .
he <unk> me today evening at six o 'clock .
they realized that they shouldn 't do that .
<unk> don 't eat pork because it 's dangerous meat .
mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone .
mary doesn 't know where she should go .
thank you for showing me how to do that .
there is no use to looking for . it is impossible to find it in this dark .
tom and mary said they weren 't in the mood to do that .
i ran into the room .
you forgot to tell me about that book you read .
tom wasn 't the one who told me that he had to do that .
don 't make me choose .
don 't shut the door with a <unk> .
mary knows that she 's being watched .
sami didn 't care who was listening or watching .
tom said that mary could 've done that alone .
sami wanted to try that game .
aren 't you helping tom ?
tom doesn 't usually drink very much .
tom isn 't an idiot .
would you tell me why you did that ?
was it you who was supposed to tell tom he shouldn 't do that ?
i want to do something else first .
do you love me ?
if i could i would immediately stop .
tom told me that mary has always done that that way .
he stands for both freedom and justice .
i want more news .
mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease .
tom didn 't expect that .
i appreciate you coming here .
let 's talk about you .
he put his name down .
mary said she should 've done that alone .
you 've made me look foolish .
sami shot his wife 's lover .
does she ever talk about me ?
we 'll be talking to them today .
tom says he only drinks one beer a day .
she lived in <unk> until she was ten .
my mother used my old down jacket to make a pillow .
i like cookies .
before you can change the world , first you have to change people .
it was clear that tom was going to do that with mary .
tom finally succeeded in getting a job .
it would be interesting to do that again .
i doubt tom understands what we 're talking about .
they say he is the best tennis player .
at night he goes out for a drink .
you never were going to tell me , were you ?
there 's too much salt in this soup .
it 'll take us at least three weeks to finish doing this .
tom isn 't as creative as he used to be .
tom will find someone .
i think that tom will follow your advice .
were you working last night ?
i bought some new furniture .
tom doesn 't see why anybody would want to do that .
tom tried to speak french to us .
i told the police that tom and mary were with me at that time .
tom and mary are hoping for a good <unk> .
tom often leaves everything to the last minute .
she can play the piano well .
time is of the <unk> , <unk> . if you don 't tell her how you feel now , you 'll never have another chance .
mary showed tom the world from the past .
it wasn 't a prison camp .
tom said that he wanted to eat breakfast in bed .
sami moved his family to a new neighborhood and a larger home .
mary adopted tom when he was five months old .
<unk> , you got to come see this .
i wonder whether tom told mary she shouldn 't do that .
tom said that he knew that you couldn 't win .
i was exhausted when we arrived at the ski <unk> and the snow became rain .
tom isn 't likely to be bored .
i don 't like anything tom and mary do .
mary is going to hurt herself if she 's not a little more careful .
thanks to your help , i was successful .
mary told tom the reason she didn 't want to do that .
i don 't care what you say . it 's not going to happen !
tom didn 't fool me .
so pleased to meet you .
i 'm sure tom will be faster at doing that than mary .
you should 've told mary why she needed to do that .
are you really going to drink that ?
you are nothing but a fool ! i have to explain everything to you !
don 't go away !
we never understood each other .
i was just here yesterday .
i did that for no particular reason .
tom can break dance .
maria talked and talked - her mouth would not stay still .
tom was extremely intelligent .
tom isn 't as scary as he used to be .
i thought that you might need our help .
tom and mary are kids .
yes , we can go .
it must be hard to do that .
that was really boring .
mary says she just couldn 't permit tom to do that .
tom never went back to australia .
women today drink as much as men .
are you sure you did that ?
why are you making such a big issue out of this ?
mary can 't believe what she just saw .
tom no longer studies french .
tom is looking into that .
i don 't intend to go to boston .
tom told me he planned to <unk> a bank .
he has no <unk> to be a teacher .
man is above all things the talking animal .
the doctor 's careful treatment of the patient brought about her quick <unk> .
tom and mary didn 't know what they wanted .
tom is proud of what he 's been able to <unk> .
you must be willing to commit to the program for at least a year .
hey , i 'm not a doctor .
tom could 've been interested in doing that .
i want a new computer .
fadil was trying to do the very best that he could .
why should i talk to you ?
i don 't like people who have no opinion .
tom will love you guys .
where did he buy those shoes ?
i know you feel lonely .
tom doesn 't know where mary 's keys are .
aren 't we happy together ?
the soldier ran .
tom and mary say they 're willing to do that for us .
the <unk> told me to hang up and wait for a moment .
i still don 't know what you want me to buy .
tom didn 't allow us to do that .
i didn 't think it was a good idea to let tom and mary do that .
sami was interested in seeing that video .
we have to get up early tomorrow morning .
i don 't like the climate here .
tom made more money on that deal than he thought he would .
tom was surprised that mary remembered what he 'd said to her .
i think it 's obvious .
if you see tom and mary , will you tell them i 'm looking for them ?
god is the poet ; men are but the <unk> . the great <unk> of earth were written in heaven .
how might i help ?
she gave blood in order to save her brother .
tom was active in student politics in his university days .
i 'm probably not going to do that when i 'm in boston .
no one has voted yet .
i also don 't think that 's going to happen .
tom won 't stop trying to stop you .
i could see tom was asleep .
how do you see your future ?
i hate it when my clothes smell of smoke .
why is everyone staring at him ?
i haven 't been back to boston since i graduated from high school .
what one is is more important than what one has .
tom and i became very good friends .
would you have done it that way ?
i don 't know what i 'd do in that situation .
tom made it clear that he wanted to leave .
haven 't you ever visited boston ?
i don 't yet know what tom wants to do .
tom just went home .
you 're just in time .
the former president of the united states is the only american who knows the president of every country .
am i on the wrong road ?
how would you suggest i handle the situation ?
i know that tom says he doesn 't like me .
he was really cold .
this song makes me happy .
we can always know how .
i swear that i didn 't know that tom would be there .
we 've got to share this .
it was a nice story .
i hear both tom and mary have quit school .
i saw an amazing bird .
you can change that if you want .
mary runs faster than you , doesn 't she ?
i don 't want to stay in boston .
i hope to go to japan and beat the japanese in <unk> .
how long have we got ?
since then , he hasn 't <unk> me .
i wasn 't surprised when tom told me what he was planning to do .
i 'm sorry to bother you about this at work .
mary became angry when tom mentioned her weight .
i don 't think tom wants to eat with us .
tom didn 't buy anything at that store because he thought the prices were too high .
i really hope i don 't have to do that .
your comment is not <unk> to the matter .
tom doesn 't give up easily , does he ?
it 's what you asked for .
they claim they won .
we must provide the <unk> with food and clothes .
how 're you doing tonight ?
they say we 're going to get some rain later .
tom wouldn 't care if mary did that .
i <unk> in to tatoeba once a week .
i have a lot of work to do .
i think that girl 's name is mary .
his car broke down on the way to work .
things will work out .
tom is the same age as mary , isn 't he ?
tom never answered the question .
tom faces 30 years to life in prison .
tom decided it was time to learn how to dance .
fadil went to the ends of the earth for the love of his life .
did you try riding tom 's bicycle ?
i said nothing about the matter .
with this one <unk> , it is quite wrong to suppose that a simple culture will also have a simple language .
tom doesn 't seem to be drunk .
she hid herself under the bed .
i didn 't know tom wouldn 't like doing that .
she sold me her old car .
i don 't think that that would ever happen .
he likes football .
i wonder why tom thought we should do that .
a sure friend is seen in an <unk> matter .
i don 't think that that 'll continue .
i know tom didn 't know mary didn 't have to do that .
mary told me that she 'd been sick .
tom doesn 't have enough money to go to australia .
when do you think tom is going to want to do that ?
tom was surprised to see his friend mary at john 's party .
tom wasn 't surprised that mary did that .
i brought a pizza .
calm down . i 'll come over as soon as possible .
that 's all i 'm trying to do .
he rolled down his window .
they agreed to meet me here .
i thought it wasn 't necessary to do that .
when tom entered the room , mary stopped talking .
tom didn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seemed to be .
sami could see layla <unk> around the room .
i 've never lived in boston .
<unk> wanted to go to the shopping center .
you scare me .
they thought they 'd be late .
i know about her .
he asked me to .
why don 't you come to australia ?
i am against this project .
i don 't think that i like what tom is doing .
i might be here quite a while .
tom wanted to explain everything to mary , but he couldn 't .
as compared with his , my collection is nothing .
because i didn 't take the bus , i 'm not home yet .
keep it down , tom .
tom told mary he was planning on staying in boston until october .
i don 't want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member .
why am i not writing in english ?
we saw tom kissing mary .
it seems like tom enjoys being miserable .
some people keep a food diary to keep track of things they 've eaten .
i knew that tom would be shocked .
how well do you know her ?
i know tom knew i didn 't need to do that .
he 's constantly abroad .
is tom near you ?
i am a japanese writer .
we 're human .
she doesn 't say certain things .
i have finished cleaning my room .
to tell you the truth , i 'm not sure when tom arrived .
i 'm almost as tall as you .
we 're really fond of each other .
i wish my kid <unk> as well as my dog .
will a new technology be of any great use to <unk> ?
i 'm anxious about his safety .
i wasn 't sure what tom wanted me to do .
she 's cooking .
i thought that you said tom should do that .
tom and mary told everyone they were sleepy .
both tom and i were confused .
that 's my favorite song .
i 'm pregnant .
tom tried to return the <unk> for a larger size , but the <unk> told him that wasn 't allowed .
sami was <unk> damaged even to the point that he didn 't want to live anymore .
tom said that he 'd talk to mary about what needed to be done .
what are you going to do with the money ?
he jumped into her car .
tom is probably going to be ready by the time we get there .
it isn 't too late to change your mind .
mary hopes tom can come over to her house this afternoon .
tom thinks we can 't win .
let 's get married !
i wanted to be friends with tom .
doing that won 't be difficult .
she told me that she 'd be late .
tom said that mary wanted to do that soon .
the bus was ten minutes late .
i don 't have to get up as early tomorrow as i usually do .
tom dreamed .
tom doesn 't look so busy , does he ?
a policeman asked the girls if the car was <unk> .
i wish i knew what happened .
tom and mary are having a good time .
i never thought i would meet her at that party .
i don 't think tom would mind .
sami kept hanging out with them .
i miss my mother very much .
the dog can shake hands .
how much longer to you think i need to stay in australia ?
tom said he didn 't know why mary didn 't enjoy the movie .
tom and mary both like chocolate ice cream .
it 's the first time i finish a book .
he doesn 't know what he 'll do yet .
i wonder whether tom will win or not .
she 's my best friend .
it is a little cool today .
i don 't speak fast .
mary said she thought that i was dead .
i think tom was a little tired .
pull over !
mary says she isn 't planning on doing that tomorrow .
english is a language .
i think that it 's all been worth it .
mary said she thought she might be the only one who knew what tom wanted to do .
i meet him sometimes in the club .
we managed to save them .
some men just want to watch the world burn .
do you intend to do that ?
tom put the <unk> bill that mary gave him in his shirt pocket .
i 'm beginning to get sleepy .
<unk> this project , have you seen the contract ?
there was no explanation offered .
tom didn 't even offer mary a cup of coffee .
i 'm not yelling .
they often see us .
do you get along with your boss ?
many people were arrested .
i know that tom would probably be happy to do that for you .
tom should do that somewhere else .
tom said mary wasn 't planning on going on her own .
did tom and mary behave themselves while i was gone ?
tom did a good job planning the party .
i thought tom was going to help us today .
is this a south <unk> accent you have got ?
i 'm listening here in brazil .
aren 't you going to eat with us tonight ?
i know only one way to do this .
tom kept his word .
make it a normal packed lunch , ok ?
sami was kind of cute .
finally she 's here .
how do you know mary didn 't do what she said she did ?
my grandmother used to say that she would live to be a hundred , but she died at the age of <unk> .
mary learned her lesson .
tom spoke to mary quietly .
i have seen the film before .
say hello to your father for me .
i was in boston all weekend .
i have a son not much older than tom .
ken appears a friendly person .
tom asked me if i thought he looked fat .
can anyone comment ?
i don 't care if the early bird gets the <unk> , i want to sleep .
even though he was sick , the boy still went to school .
they might take you seriously .
tom and mary told me they wanted to learn how to do that .
does tom still plan on doing that with mary ?
i went on board the ship .
how much do you need ?
it would be <unk> to worry about the details now .
we miss tom .
i would like for him to write more often .
i want tom to go away .
there 's a chance that tom is here in the park somewhere .
we 've been here long enough .
mary is probably alone in her room .
would you <unk> the next problem at the board ?
let me drive you to your place .
did you complete the work ?
mary said that she wanted to talk to the manager .
tom told me he thought that mary was a talented <unk> .
hold down the <unk> while tom and i are gone .
i think that 'll do .
i doubt that if can do that , but i 'll try .
sami sounded like selfish .
tom lives in a house without running water .
tom knew that something bad had happened .
tom said he knew mary might not want to do that by herself .
little did they imagine that they would lose the game .
i speak french at home .
tom isn 't safe , but mary is .
some people are still worried .
i still can 't believe tom has gone .
that 's got to be tom .
she said she 'd definitely do that .
where are you going all <unk> up like that ?
i thought that he was angry .
tom was surprised when he saw mary walking by herself late at night .
everyone sees that .
let me know as soon as anything happens .
whether you succeed or not depends on how hard you study .
how was the wind yesterday ?
i 'll eat almost anything , but i 'm very <unk> when it comes to cheese .
tom and mary said they thought they could do that for me .
tom isn 't sure mary was lying .
i heard somebody cry out .
what do you need that for ?
tom will probably be available after 2 : 30 .
did i get anything wrong ?
tom took out his cell phone so that he could take a <unk> .
they led me to believe that there was no danger .
tom said that i was being too <unk> .
he thought he might do that .
i thought that you said that you 've seen people do that .
she thinks she has found the answer .
why did you tell tom ?
ken studied english last night .
we must get back to the ship .
i don 't spend enough time with my children .
i would buy the car , but i am poor .
i don 't know when it will arrive .
sold !
when did you guys decide that ?
it 's useless to talk to tom .
mary told me that she 'd never had that problem before .
let 's move the sofa .
they 're not going to stop you .
we all stuck together .
sami believed layla was in heaven .
there 's really no need for you to leave .
mary told tom she wasn 't having any fun .
why 's everyone calling me tom ?
are you going to do that ?
i 'd rather not discuss tom .
i took a cab from the bus <unk> .
tom said i was already unconscious by the time the <unk> arrived .
mary likes to party .
what are some things you do every day ?
you don 't seem very busy today .
tom and i both don 't remember where we first met .
a sentence is a group of words that gives a complete thought .
tom said he plans on going on october 20th .
why didn 't you tell us that we shouldn 't do that ?
i 'll show you the city .
i 'm going to eat dinner with tom and his family tonight .
sami was doing something stupid .
the boys in the village laughed at me .
i admitted i didn 't do what i said i 'd do .
tell me what you really think of me .
you look really good .
people are funny .
tom said he thought mary would be heartbroken .
here 's where tom was wrong .
tom may not come .
tom , mary and a few other people did that .
tom knows that we didn 't do this for him .
i hope tom is in a good mood .
close the window before you leave .
would somebody look after tom ?
i think that tom was lying to you .
may we look forward to <unk> your order ?
do you think tom and mary are funny ?
tom said that he could swim at least as well as mary .
get moving !
i 'll never get used to this .
tom didn 't know whether mary was having fun or not .
i assume you 'll be <unk> why all this is necessary .
that 's no way to treat a lady .
mary said she was concerned about that problem .
tom wrote a lot of letters to mary .
that 'll be my job .
i don 't want tom and mary to do that by themselves .
yes , i have seen one many times .
maybe we shouldn 't have told tom about what happened to mary .
you are required to wear a business suit for this <unk> .
tom and mary have both decided to walk home <unk>
sami has had too many close call .
we can 't drink milk .
would you like me to ask tom why he doesn 't want to go ?
at what time does it close ?
sami 's bird would repeat any word he heard .
next time , you might not be so lucky .
he can 't work properly until he 's had his cup of <unk> .
i couldn 't do that any longer .
sami hurt people .
mary promised me she 'd clean her room .
you aren 't alone , are you ?
i wish she wouldn 't <unk> about it and just say what she means .
tom doesn 't want to do that until after lunch .
you can change lives .
i think that i have the right to know why it happened .
knock before you open the door .
i was thinking i 'd like to buy you a pair of <unk> .
have you seen tom lately ?
why wouldn 't you go out with her ?
that 's never happened before .
i don 't see tom that often .
have you ever thought of becoming a writer ?
he might pay me some of the money he owes .
i got my son to repair the door .
i 'm sorry about yelling at you like that .
this isn 't a great job , but it helps pay the bills .
i grew up just outside boston .
i 'll keep doing that .
sami 's face was red .
layla was looking forward to spend a day with her loved one .
are you saying there 's still a chance ?
i didn 't know that mary was supposed to do that by herself .
isn 't tom a lawyer ?
i don 't think that you need to tell tom anything about what happened .
i 'd like to buy mary a pair of <unk> .
maybe tom 's car broke down .
you are absolutely right , mr prime minister !
that 's our new boss .
i 'll meet you there in an hour .
i am surprised that she should have changed so much .
tom and mary say they feel <unk> to help .
i asked her to sign the papers .
i don 't really know how it happened .
it was just stupid .
tom puts his arm around mary .
it seems like i 'm the only one here who 's from boston .
i hope tom will do the right thing .
tom sat next to her and began to <unk> her back .
tom wasn 't making any sense .
she was advised by him to lose weight .
the message was clear .
i left one .
he 's devoted to his three children .
does your wife have a cat ?
he had his license taken away because of <unk> driving .
she isn 't what she appears to be .
tom 's not well enough to go to work today .
that will impress tom .
let me try that again .
they cut out a path through the <unk> .
mary said she 'd be happy to do that .
i regret what happened to him .
i am not kidding .
tom said he 's desperate .
tom says that mary <unk> to do that .
i don 't know when tom will leave for boston .
i 've already been punished for doing that .
my lawyer told me it was legal .
get your body beach ready in two weeks with this new diet .
i just don 't understand you .
you 'll miss me .
tom found mary wonderful in bed .
she shouldn 't go out by herself at night .
i don 't know a lot of jokes .
tom turned away from the window .
in the dawn of morning there lay the poor little one , with pale <unk> and smiling mouth , <unk> against the wall . she had been frozen to death on the last evening of the year ; and the new year 's sun rose and <unk> upon a little <unk> !
mary is kind to everyone , isn 't she ?
summer is the season i like best .
he will not fail in the examination .
i don 't think that i know anybody who can speak french .
tell us how to get to tom 's house .
my hat is not new .
you have got to be joking !
tom and mary knew they 'd be late .
tom joined the discussion .
tom and mary want me to give them my old motorcycle .
don 't let tom watch that movie .
i think she likes me .
i 've <unk> , so lay off , ok ?
i 've been asked to do something i don 't want to do .
tom loves music .
i thought i 'd like it , but i didn 't .
that 's my understanding .
i 'd like to discuss <unk> with you .
you seem to understand us .
tom would 've loved that .
tom knows it isn 't a good idea to do that .
i know that tom is a very good artist .
i didn 't think you 'd talk to me .
everyone stared at us .
it wasn 't possible to go .
could you cook this meat a little more ?
when will you leave for tokyo ?
you must do as tom says .
where did you eat them ?
he and his mother went shopping .
tom isn 't as ambitious as he used to be .
would you like me to help you with washing the dishes ?
that plan seems reasonable to me .
you 're going to do just fine .
a mr <unk> came to see you yesterday .
this is a pencil and that is a pen .
sami has a balance and needs to pay it .
there 's something here .
winter is drawing on .
of course , tom loves his kids .
sami went to layla 's school .
the further we are from one <unk> , the closer we are to the next .
i 'm not going to stay here with you .
tom was just sitting on the couch , staring out the window .
how have you been doing lately ?
the <unk> was supposed to arrive at twelve noon , but got stuck in a traffic <unk> for a few hours .
tom used to work as a <unk> at a hotel .
tom already has one of these .
tom and mary said they had no choice but to do that .
tom didn 't seem very friendly .
they were really concerned .
what do you want from tom ?
if you want to go to the movies tonight , perhaps tom will go with you .
i don 't think that you could persuade tom to do that .
until next weekend , if that 's ok .
i should take this with me .
i 've been there before .
our original plan will work .
how small your cat is !
i had <unk> something even worse . i thought all the ship 's <unk> might have died .
i couldn 't get to sleep .
tom may die .
tom is making a list , isn 't he ?
tom could have done anything .
not even mary could 've done this by herself .
tom and mary did what they promised to do .
tom said mary is going to do that for me .
i guess it 's all over .
i wish for your success .
don 't make any decisions tonight .
he is making things more difficult for no reason .
she told me that she could help us .
tom said he wanted something to eat , so i bought him a sandwich .
history is political only because people make it political .
he looks like he 's finished .
mary told me she found an interesting book about boston at the local library .
tom and mary say they don 't think you 'd do that .
he doesn 't have what he needs .
i know the whole story .
neither tom nor mary has been there very long .
i used to do that when i was a kid .
i 'm so happy i left boston .
she isn 't herself today .
i came yesterday .
i will get in touch with you next week .
<unk> is a system of government that <unk> up to business and has no respect for human rights .
not so quickly , children , i 'm not so young anymore !
i thank you for your patience .
soon , learning a language became as easy as taking a little <unk> .
tom said he heard mary speaking french .
tom said mary doesn 't have to do that this week .
all the boys didn 't laugh at him .
i 'm not the one who usually does this .
how kind of you !
i 'll make sure that tom and mary don 't do that .
tom seems to know what mary was doing .
i think tom and mary hate my dog .
don 't begin without me .
sami never took responsibility for what he had done .
i thought something had happened to you .
the research cast new light on the issue .
tom must 've been jealous .
tom said he thought he might not be permitted to do that today .
tom should have been reluctant to do that .
each student has their own computer .
show me your driving license , please .
finally you 're doing things the <unk> way .
you should have given tom another chance .
it 'll be easy to finish this job by <unk> .
why exactly would you want to do that ?
he said he wasn 't bored .
do you know the town where he was born ?
are you absolutely sure tom and mary have to do that ?
don 't put your <unk> on the table .
a look of <unk> appeared on his face .
he looked through the window .
i thought that 's what you wanted .
sami is currently <unk> a life sentence in cairo .
they say that they 'll need to do that .
i couldn 't have done that without your help .
mary is wearing a name <unk> , isn 't she ?
i didn 't know someone was watching me .
tom doesn 't have to protect me anymore .
do you know what you should do ?
bill was able to pass the exam .
why don 't you talk it over with tom ?
tom did that very fast .
maybe it 's something important .
i can 't believe how much happier tom looks today .
i didn 't do that as quickly as i should 've .
tom and mary weren 't able to do everything we asked them to do .
tom thought that mary was having fun .
who 'll tell tom ?
how hard can that be ?
he laughed to himself .
they send us spare parts .
tom and mary told me they planned to wait until monday to do that .
i don 't have the time to read that book .
mary quickly put on her clothes .
as the days passed into weeks , even the teacher <unk> him , for he saw him <unk> , hard working , and wide awake , always the first to come in the morning , and the last to leave when school was over .
do you think tom was helpful ?
it was an offer i couldn 't refuse .
poverty is not an accident . like <unk> and <unk> , it is <unk> and can be removed by the actions of human beings .
i am studying with the purpose of being able to speak <unk> .
that man wouldn 't give his name .
we went to the station to see her off .
i 'm calling a cab .
sami 's seat was empty .
tom left me alone .
tom said he hopes you try your best to win .
she said her parents are divorced .
what a waste of money !
i know that tom isn 't a very good lawyer .
please stop fighting .
could there be something <unk> than the prison cell of someone with a life sentence ?
where can i find her ?
tom has never wanted to do that .
i thought that you 'd want to meet my family .
do you have brothers and sisters ?
this is where layla 's worst <unk> began .
tom reached into his pack and pulled out his sunglasses .
his shoes are brown .
hang on a moment .
we spoke in a low voice to avoid <unk> up the baby .
do you really think tom and mary were mistaken ?
tom drove along a desert road .
he showed us how to ride a horse .
grass tastes bitter .
i can 't imagine what it 's like to live on another planet .
he got down on his knees .
see you in church on sunday .
i 've been here many times before .
i thought that you were leaving australia .
mary told me that she could do it .
sami was confused .
why would you want to do a thing like that ?
tom is too weak to do that .
i don 't want to upset you .
outside of a dog , a book is man 's best friend . inside of a dog , it 's too dark to read .
you first .
if we had done that , we would 've had fun .
sami loved my mom .
they 're very busy with their work .
i hope that that will not damage our friendship .
aren 't you old enough to drink ?
tom said he thought that there was a chance that mary would do that .
i 'll hold onto this .
tom is too weak to work on the farm .
tom and i like each other .
do tom and mary still think they 're the only ones here who can 't speak french ?
tom handed a note to me .
we have kids that need help .
tom is standing right next to mary .
she 's at the hotel now .
i 'll visit my uncle next week .
sami was so silly .
i 'm a brave person .
i paid tom one hundred dollars .
i 've actually never been to boston .
it 's of no importance .
they left her behind .
we wish you a pleasant journey .
i wouldn 't take a glass of water in the desert from you .
when we tell such lies , i think we are <unk> others about our own <unk> .
tom cried himself to sleep every night last week .
we may never know why .
it 's going to be hard to do that that way .
how soon is too soon ?
that won 't be easy .
mary said she plans to study french .
tom would 've gone with you if he could have .
i can understand <unk> , but i can 't speak it .
in spring days are not always warm .
sami is farid 's new roommate .
you should 've asked tom to do that .
tom is the only one who does that .
i thought that you said you wanted to do that for tom .
although i trusted the map , it was mistaken .
can you think of anyone who would want to do this kind of thing ?
i didn 't study either of the languages .
you can 't see her anymore .
she lives with her parents .
tom is sitting in the back of the <unk> .
i just threw up .
tom said he would write to us .
for all we know , tom could be in australia .
it wasn 't difficult to convince tom not to do that .
mary told me she did that .
when he was young , he used to play the guitar .
one of the important <unk> between japanese and americans is that japanese tend to choose a safe course in life , while americans choose to <unk> and challenge life .
i was caught completely off guard .
i don 't want to go with tom .
it 's okay to look , but it 's rude to <unk> .
you 're very good at playing the <unk> , aren 't you ?
i wish they would turn off the radio .
i have no interest <unk> in eating english food .
sami hasn 't done this yet .
for now i 'm feeling fine .
that wasn 't my intention .
they got excited when they heard that .
i have a cold again .
it is of little value .
he says he isn 't planning to go .
keep out !
i 'm afraid that i have to refuse .
sami decided to forgive layla .
i just thought of something really interesting .
would you mind not talking about your surgery now - i 'm trying to eat .
i didn 't expect to see tom at the party .
they 'll keep their promise , i 'm pretty sure .
tom teaches french at a high school .
a red ball is <unk> in with the white ones .
that actually makes a lot of sense .
how did you get <unk> into doing this ?
i could hardly make myself understood .
you didn 't have time to do that , did you ?
he acted quickly and put out the fire .
i thought that tom was asleep , so i <unk> out of the room .
i never really got over what happened .
please check on when he will return .
how did he manage to do that ?
why don 't you ever do that ?
let 's have a party for tom .
she went out of the room with <unk> eyes .
the taxi driver couldn 't take mary 's <unk> anymore and left her at an abandoned factory .
you mind your own business .
tom thinks that mary is probably at the beach .
wait till i get my hat .
tom and mary <unk> , but they made up the next day .
i don 't want to take piano lessons anymore .
he says he won 't help us today .
you could stay with us in boston if you want .
since it 's written in easy english , even you can read that book .
i was unable to finish my homework in time .
stay in your cars .
i can 't remember how i got home last night .
these are of no use to me .
i didn 't catch your name .
no <unk> are allowed in that apartment house .
layla 's hair is straight .
she gave a small cry of alarm and <unk> to the bathroom .
i told mary i loved her .
it is hot today .
she says she has no plan to do that .
when is the next full moon ?
thank you for your offer of <unk> <unk> , but i won 't take you up on it .
it might rain today in the afternoon .
tom said that he thought mary would likely win .
was that meant as a joke ?
is she hiding something ?
tom and mary should tell john what they want to eat .
we must think about these plans in terms of what they would cost .
tom took one of the sandwiches .
you 're no longer welcome here .
wash your hands right now .
i think that tom has already agreed to do that .
i wasn 't aware tom wasn 't supposed to do that .
you always were good at math .
the teacher <unk> some work to every child .
when can we see him ?
i know your brother very well .
he gave his dog a piece of meat .
i hurried to the bus stop so that i would not miss the last bus .
get away from me . i mean it .
tom won 't ask you to go out with him .
tom , mary , john and alice are all <unk> .
he is bound to her .
you surprised everybody .
i can 't remember exactly when i first met tom .
tom and mary think that they 're funny .
tom 's car wouldn 't start and he had to get a new <unk> .
i have nothing to do with tom .
mary is hoping she can help tom do that .
well , i 'm just watching tv ...
i hope you 've learned your lesson .
i was here all last week .
my mom is the best cook in the world !
many fish died .
layla hates hijab .
tom and mary talked to john about things they usually kept to themselves .
i 'm sure we all agree .
i 'll go out there and look around .
tom was worried that someone would <unk> details from his past .
what tom said is right .
i lived in australia before i moved to new zealand .
tom lives downtown not far from where he works .
tom and mary are leaving right away .
something happened to tom .
you don 't have our permission to do that .
somebody caught me by the arm .
he stood by himself .
tom asked mary not to discuss the matter with john .
i wish i had a room of my own .
layla was nice and polite .
tom says he could never live in australia .
tom asked mary what time she wanted him to come over .
the doctor told tom to lower the amount of red meat that he ate .
i still go swimming every monday .
tom is only three years younger than mary .
you 've got to warn her .
it 's none of our business .
they said they weren 't afraid of snakes .
tom never knew about that .
this machine should help save time .
would you know if anything is missing ?
tom says he 's afraid to do that .
i didn 't know tom and mary were so upset .
she 's excited but cold on the outside .
i 'm glad everything turned out ok .
tom said he doesn 't plan to go by himself .
i don 't think that you ought to .
mary wanted to cry , but she didn 't .
tom used to be fun .
it 's part of the job .
i think tom is a pretty good artist .
i felt it was necessary , so i did it .
tom became friends with mary when he was living in australia .
we must clean up the kitchen .
tom used the car jack .
i 'm getting hungry .
the thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house .
if a job is worth doing , it 's worth doing well .
she says she 's pretty hungry .
i haven 't finished reading this book .
tom and mary said they 'd never permit john to do that .
tom and mary said they didn 't feel tired .
i think tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary not to do that anymore .
what kind of american accent does tom have ?
i 'm certain tom has never done that .
mary told me that she could take it .
tom is happy with his new guitar .
where 's the proof tom ever did that ?
tom has a bright career as a medical doctor .
tom 's right leg is broken .
mary said she thought tom would be scared .
the hours , the minutes , the <unk> ...
they say that they 're feeling ok .
he said he was furious .
we 're expecting tom any minute now .
tom remembered .
i really wanted to go to australia .
tom and mary plan on going by themselves .
i 'd better ask tom .
i thought tom was serious .
in my opinion , we should hire tom .
i think your plan is pretty stupid .
i 'll wait for you in front of the station .
tom and mary wouldn 't be happy if they had to do that .
there 's still a real lot to do . let 's get into it !
you won 't do that today , will you ?
i 'm ready to leave now .
tom can 't stop .
i told tom i was hungry .
i 'd like to help , but i can 't .
let me say a few words about our greatest success : until now we have always succeeded in <unk> problems where there weren 't any before .
tom hoped mary would do that .
mary looked in her purse , but she didn 't find what she was looking for .
she was a child , but she wasn 't afraid .
it is no less than ten miles to the hospital .
i don 't think that it 'll take long for us to do that .
i know that tom is afraid of being cheated .
mary says she doesn 't believe tom really plans to do that .
tom and mary didn 't want to do that , but they had to .
i 'd probably get arrested if i did that .
i am sure you are right .
how could you possibly have known it was tom ?
she <unk> out of the race before it was too late .
she might do that on her own .
why don 't you invite him over ?
i just want to check something .
i can 't stand living by myself in that <unk> .
mary thinks that she can prove it .
it says in the bible , " man shall not live on bread alone . "
do you know a good place to have lunch ?
it turned out great .
if you are tired just let me know .
i <unk> you that i can do that .
sami was a bible professor .
i 've still got things to do .
sami 's car ran off the road and got stuck .
they made sure no one could see them .
tom says he hopes mary won 't tell him he needs to do that .
tom is still optimistic , isn 't he ?
has tom forgiven mary ?
tom is always complaining that he doesn 't have enough time to do what he wants to do .
she says she wants to settle down .
tom and mary decided to try doing that themselves .
tom heard mary say that she loved john .
tom will start taking swimming lessons this summer .
you shouldn 't have told tom that .
the game was very exciting .
they 're staying .
what time do you usually arrive at school ?
afraid of <unk> his feelings , i didn 't tell him the truth .
we understand the issues .
the tea is too hot .
we cannot read too many books .
tom and mary don 't want to be <unk> anymore .
he was caught by an <unk> police officer .
tom drove right past mary 's house .
we are the people .
tom wants you to wait for mary .
i sometimes wrote him a very long letter .
fadil and layla had sex in the bathroom .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was cold .
why is the computer so slow ?
tom told me he was canadian .
tom and mary said that they didn 't <unk> anymore .
i 'm being careful .
i often study with music .
she said that she won 't marry me .
i have the feeling tom did it .
i cannot but object to his proposal .
my brother is on his way to london .
in a word , she is guilty .
i never made a mistake .
i think tom ought to do that by himself .
sami was upset with layla .
tom said that mary thought that she might not need to do that by herself .
war and peace is one of the <unk> novels ever written .
tom wanted to be ready .
i may have to <unk> arabic level 5 .
tom didn 't live to see his children graduate from high school .
if mary had been here , she 'd have helped us .
i stayed in boston over three months .
what do they plan to do now ?
i 'm pretty sure tom hasn 't done everything he was supposed to do .
they thought we didn 't like it .
what if you get caught ?
there is a library in every city in america .
of course , go ahead .
is living the goal of life ?
did you try the cake that tom baked ?
she 's always crying .
thousands of people visited the city .
how and where are decisions going to be made ?
do you really intend to do that ?
tom couldn 't send his son to school .
i 'd like to hear a lot more about your trip .
mary wondered what tom was going to ask her to do .
it 's not my birthday .
cat hair everywhere .
it 's not important what my name is .
i expect to see tom next week .
tom said that he had a wonderful time .
this is a serious and big storm .
tom isn 't the only person who wants to do that .
holmes leaned back in his chair , placed his <unk> together , and closed his eyes .
i wonder if tom would really do something like that .
tom is finally over mary .
tom died when he was thirty years old .
there nothing so difficult but it becomes easy by practice .
there 's nothing i can do to help you now .
the old woman has no one to wait on her .
i promised tom and mary i 'd eat with them .
i don 't use birth control .
i didn 't go to french class yesterday .
tom didn 't tell mary that he didn 't know how to speak french
tom is such a low life .
it would 've been better if i hadn 't done that .
i don 't feel like studying at all tonight .
the gate opened all by itself .
layla has a husband .
he told me that he was sorry .
tom wants me to stay .
now that we have eaten , let 's go .
this is the first time i 've ever taken a vacation .
stars are beautiful .
tom is a physical <unk> , isn 't he ?
we 're still alive .
we managed to cook more than a thousand <unk> in one day .
tom said that no one was awake .
i thought that we could help out .
tom didn 't tell mary what he has to do .
i 'm pretty sure that 's going to happen .
she needs a little more time .
i knew tom wasn 't afraid of anyone .
i have a son .
tom thought a trip by <unk> was a good idea .
mary said that she 's weak .
you still haven 't told me who he is .
all our problems would go away if we just ignore them .
the <unk> of this book are too far apart .
i enjoyed talking with tom .
can you please pass me the newspaper ?
you never told me your girlfriend 's name .
tom said that he was ready to defend himself .
tom removed the <unk> from the medicine bottle .
when did the accident happen to her ?
we love each other .
tom is a basketball player .
maybe there 's a secret door .
have you heard tom 's music ?
i think we deserve a lot more .
if you 're feeling bad , maybe you should go see a doctor .
mary is pleased , isn 't she ?
you have to speak english here .
i 'm not available .
tom came in carrying a big suitcase .
i was very busy .
the soldier wrote a letter to his mother .
i had no work yesterday .
we ran after the thief .
i hope it won 't rain this afternoon .
i went out with my friend .
make a list .
sami doesn 't even have a lunch break .
i don 't think tom was here at that time .
tom said that mary thought john might have to do that this evening .
i think i know the answer .
tom met mary at the gate .
he went off to the people 's square or somewhere <unk> .
i won 't do that tomorrow either .
tom and mary said they 'd wait .
tom told me what was happening there .
hey , are you really going to work at eight tomorrow ?
i can do it by myself !
i knew tom might be permitted to do that by himself .
where 's your suitcase ?
i 'll be there at half seven .
sami met a girl on an online dating website .
they sell used books in this store .
he writes books .
oh , you 're leaving tomorrow !
do you really think tom is dangerous ?
tom said that he was very certain that mary wouldn 't do that .
does mary still do the same kind of stuff she used to do ?
mary needs her family .
i didn 't expect to sell my old guitar for so much money .
tom should tell mary he won 't go to boston with her .
i don 't think he 'll come .
tom caught john by the <unk> of the neck .
we 've got to get help .
they ate by themselves .
it isn 't so easy to do that .
i 'm still planning to do that for you .
tom said mary was too fat .
i will most likely choose him as our president .
sami made me want to shit myself .
i hope tom and mary don 't <unk> on doing that .
is there anything else you want from me ?
tom doesn 't want to be suspended .
tom said that he had a hard time doing that .
do you want to come ?
tom says he doesn 't have enough time .
layla 's face dropped .
i almost didn 't recognize tom .
if you hadn 't done that , tom wouldn 't have gotten upset .
it was kind of weird .
i should have brought an umbrella .
we hope to see you there .
this is the book that tom and mary were talking about yesterday .
we can save a little time if we do what tom and mary suggest .
the police officer <unk> mary 's hands behind her back .
i know tom is a thief .
why did you pick her ?
i know i 'd hate to do that .
i was entirely <unk> out by the results .
we wanted it to be perfect .
tom doesn 't know what mary looks like .
it looks like you 're mad .
please point out the <unk> you want to buy .
he had his hair cut yesterday .
tom persuaded mary to study french with him .
i know that you 've been to boston .
tom and mary told me they 're bored .
tom might be in the park with his friends .
don 't waste your time looking for an <unk> - maybe there is none .
tom is likely going to be busy tomorrow .
i 'm sure tom will be hesitant to do that .
i know that tom will have a difficult time doing that .
i got up early the next morning to catch the first train .
he can both speak and write russian .
i haven 't yet decided .
sami and layla knew that .
she knew me .
i see i 'm wasting my time .
i don 't think that things can get any worse .
the cat has hidden under the bench .
were you really surprised by what tom did ?
tom said that it wasn 't necessary .
tom isn 't the only one not sitting .
i 'll meet you in an hour .
we 've solved the mystery .
the first time tom brought mary home , his mother said , " this one 's a <unk> . "
do you think something like that will repeat itself ?
if a free society cannot help the many who are poor , it cannot save the few who are rich .
you think tom and mary could 've done that on their own , don 't you ?
i 'm very pleased to meet you .
i 'm a bit shy .
tom said he didn 't know when mary was planning on going to australia .
i 've studied it .
everybody was very well dressed .
the last time that i went to australia , i went with tom .
does tom do that every day ?
i know tom is a regular customer .
tom paid no attention to mary 's warning .
he lay awake all night .
i know tom would appreciate your help .
she wants to go home , but she can 't .
maybe tom and mary can take care of themselves .
you 've never been to australia , have you ?
tom won 't have to do that by himself .
i thought that you said that you 'd never ask tom to do that .
please wait for us .
sami has got a problem .
both ken 's mother and her friend will arrive at the airport soon .
i felt ill at ease in the presence of the <unk> .
you gave tom the list , didn 't you ?
tom said that he thought that he 'd be able to do that if he had some help .
i 'll tell tom you came by .
he was embarrassed .
tom doesn 't know how to dance without feeling embarrassed .
tom has a lot more money than i have .
you were never good at math .
it wasn 't me ; it was someone else .
tom is very afraid of his father .
do you have the time to drink something ?
sami was watching <unk> in his spare time .
please get these papers out of the way .
i was busy the whole day .
dan turned over to the police the gun he had found in the woods .
tom said mary would probably go to australia with him .
i don 't have the energy for this life anymore .
the british fought hard and stopped the attack .
tom just wouldn 't let go of me .
is this pen tom 's ?
do you have anything else to add ?
let 's leave it at that .
tom was wrong to refuse mary 's help .
tom said that he thought that mary 's suggestion was a good one .
he hit on a rare old book .
i 'm the one who actually wrote the letter .
i don 't think tom knows what 's in there .
tom put her bag down and went into the kitchen .
i 'm extremely fond of your older sister .
sami stayed there anyway .
i <unk> not to understand what he was saying .
mary said that she wanted a squirrel for christmas and she was disappointed when she only got a <unk> squirrel .
sami and layla were having a nice time .
each horse is different .
tom and mary walked into their rooms and closed the doors .
why did you tell tom i 'd left ?
there is more than enough room for <unk> .
she said she 'd consider doing that .
i spoke to tom this morning .
i wondered whether or not tom thought you had to do that .
all but one were present .
i don 't think there 's any point <unk> this with me .
tom shut his computer off .
i wonder whether or not it 's safe to do that here .
tom said that he 'll do that for us if we ask him to .
i think tom may do that .
tom didn 't buy it .
i haven 't been able to get in touch with tom .
sami put his hands on layla .
tom won 't let anyone in the house .
they knew that what they did was wrong .
i didn 't need his help .
tom almost always speaks french .
sami needs a permit to work in egypt .
love is more powerful than death .
i am going , too .
i thought you said that tom was a <unk> .
i doubt very seriously tom will be forgiven .
would you give me permission to do that ?
the <unk> <unk> the sheep : " one , two , three , four , five ... one hundred . "
tell tom when you 're going to be in boston .
many of my friends are canadians .
i know that you 're scared .
tom and mary just got engaged .
he said he felt happy .
i can 't afford to retire yet .
i 'm pretty satisfied .
it was during my college years that i took up tennis .
i didn 't want to be on tom 's team .
where did he get on the train ?
he got more than he needed .
tom isn 't actually a student anymore .
she 's finally herself again .
it would be fantastic if you did that for me .
tom ! mary !
anything the group <unk> is ok is fine with me .
it can never get better .
i know what he does and what he tells other people to do .
he said that he isn 't in any hurry .
tom should do that the way mary did it .
layla asked sami to look after her children .
tom is on the job .
nobody wanted to trust my country .
mary doesn 't always complain , does she ?
that 's exactly what he said .
tom wants to do something special for mary 's birthday .
see what 's going on .
it 's complicated , you know .
where is the nearest save point ?
that depends on your ability to take care of it .
didn 't you know mary was tom 's mother ?
everyone knows of his <unk> for that dog .
by whom was the news told you ?
fadil couldn 't marry a woman who wasn 't muslim .
sami 's hands are bound .
tom said that mary had the right to do that .
you must always tell the truth .
tom didn 't know how to ask the right question .
have you ever repaired a tv ?
that link used to take me to your website , but it doesn 't work anymore .
tom couldn 't have done that without my help .
tom has been in boston way too long .
tom isn 't the kind of person who 'd do something like that .
how many minutes does it actually take to do that ?
tom is going to have the chance to do that .
i would like to be your pen <unk> .
sami asked layla to leave his room .
it looks like a fish <unk> got stuck in my throat .
let 's look for your glasses .
that 's not what we discussed in boston .
come and look at this !
i thought that you were living with tom .
i know that tom is a health <unk> .
it 'll cost around ten thousand yen .
i got hit by a car .
<unk> looked after our dog while we were away .
tom advised mary to not go to boston with john .
tom lives alone with his dog .
you are not supposed to smoke in here .
she said it was important .
<unk> , therefore , or any other particular manner of dying , made no part of the sentence that <unk> was to suffer , and <unk> , even upon their own <unk> , it could make no part of the sentence that <unk> was to suffer in the room of <unk> .
i know that tom is ready to do that .
doing that was easier than i expected .
tom seemed to think so .
tom is in front .
sooner or later , she 'll get over the shock .
wait for it ... here it comes .
do you seriously plan on getting yourself this old <unk> ?
i told tom to put the eggs in the refrigerator .
tom hasn 't seen mary for three months .
you can 't tell her not to go .
i know tom knows why mary needs to do that .
he claimed he could do that .
we may have to leave early .
what do you say to seeing a doctor ?
it appears that i was wrong about that .
i can do things that tom can 't .
does tom know we can 't win ?
we 'd like to ask you a few questions about tom .
you need to learn to protect yourself .
salad again ?
i discussed that with tom .
i know that tom won 't be allowed to do that by himself .
your mother is old now .
i eat only three meals a day and don 't eat between meals .
tom loves children .
i don 't want to let go of it .
we 've got too much work to do .
do you think it would be possible to change your schedule ?
he told me that he 's afraid .
why didn 't you make them stop ?
john was not at home , as is often the case with him .
be careful with that knife .
i have to get back to work .
i 've been with you for a long time .
we 're a band .
did you expect something different to happen ?
how much did tom drink tonight ?
tom told mary that she should do that .
you 'd make a good grandfather .
some kids are playing in the park .
tom and mary locked their doors .
tom has to do better on the next test or he 'll fail my class .
oh my god , i 'm so ashamed .
i 'm fed up with this system .
did you know that you could get there by train ?
aren 't you in love with me anymore ?
what are you yelling at me for ?
tom isn 't going to the market .
tom and mary said that they cried .
it 's been a long time since i had such a pleasant surprise .
i 'm not frustrated .
it 's all tom 's .
give me the salt , please .
he told me he 's ready to do that .
he 'll eat as soon as he gets home .
mary is too shy to do that , isn 't she ?
birds are <unk> of the environment . if they are in trouble , we know we 'll soon be in trouble .
she caught it for coming late .
we make great money .
sami didn 't want to talk about the fight .
mary did that herself .
they say that they study french .
i won 't ask tom to do that anymore .
it 'll take a lot of time to do that .
are you interested in him ?
take it or leave it .
i 'll try to be home by 2 : 30 .
mom didn 't mention it .
i know tom doesn 't know who 's going to do that with him .
i didn 't know that trick .
<unk> ! my poor <unk> ! open your eyes and look at me ! why don 't you answer ?
the children spent a lot of time in the open air .
she felt her heart beat faster .
mary wants to bring <unk> back to life .
tom says he won 't go there by himself .
do tom and mary want me to go with them ?
i know that tom is getting a little tired of doing that .
everybody wants to have one .
layla was the <unk> little girl in the family .
stop ! you 're making me cry .
my dream is soon realized .
i 'd like to go through just one day without being told i look like my brother .
i know tom would 've allowed you to do that if you 'd asked him .
i can 't bear it anymore .
she is <unk> honest ; it hurts me from time to time .
i know tom can help mary do that tomorrow .
they said they were a bit tired .
they told everyone that they were upset .
why aren 't you in boston ?
i know tom will be ready to do that .
today was different .
tom broke mary 's heart .
i knew you wouldn 't enjoy the party .
i hope that she doesn 't blame me for <unk> her , particularly since that wasn 't my intention .
for your own safety , never ride in a car with a drunk driver .
do i know you from somewhere ?
mary has made up her mind to do what tom asked her to do .
tom hasn 't yet told me who helped him do that .
tom 's home and office were searched by the police .
i can 't do that right now . i 'm really busy .
i wonder what tom was doing last night .
give them everything you 've got .
do you want to hang with us ?
tom grew roses .
he 's had a fever for the past few days .
have you asked them for help ?
i think we 're just about finished .
tom was released immediately .
we worked hard so as to increase our sales .
mary realized she didn 't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done .
that 's what we 're waiting for .
why don 't you like him ?
that looks like something tom could do .
i think you should tell him .
i thought he was my brother .
his idea is practical .
tom is the one that doesn 't like me .
they never talk about their childhood .
i thought tom was having fun .
tom and mary are going to get dirty if they do that .
when are you planning on taking pictures ?
tom isn 't around .
she told me how to swim .
tom told me that he wanted to quit his job .
i don 't answer the phone when i 'm working .
my grades haven 't improved much .
i think we 're all a bit <unk> .
i 'm based in boston now .
i think that tom has died .
i think tom and mary are going to do that , too .
i think you know who i 'm talking about .
tom and mary say they don 't think they can do that by themselves .
i arrived at osaka station at night .
we lose control of the situation .
i 'm so fed up of everything .
i doubt tom is still alone .
i don 't like the new <unk> we 're using in the english class .
it was huge .
i 'd never say that .
i 'm a human being .
i think that tom doesn 't live anywhere near here .
tom has had heart problems .
she is curious to find who sent the flowers .
tom didn 't like mary very much .
sami was drinking a lot .
can tom do that for us today ?
where did he get this stuff ?
tom wasn 't expecting something this bad to happen .
it 's high time you children went to bed .
i 'm going to quit smoking .
you 're lucky that you didn 't get killed .
sami , please don 't let me die .
nobody saw it coming .
neither tom nor mary has made any bad decisions recently .
tom 's first teacher was his mother .
i still remember her .
he is what we call a <unk> genius .
mary said she 's home every monday .
i 'm going to plant a bunch of pretty flowers in my garden .
tom and mary are going to be working tonight .
i doubt if bob will come on time .
i don 't know why tom wasn 't invited .
i don 't believe this is happening .
she told me that she was curious .
please add me on facebook .
things were hard for sami .
tom usually doesn 't eat at the school <unk> .
i 'm sure that tom can 't win .
i know what we 're supposed to be doing .
tom will be here in a few hours .
it makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month .
if only i was younger .
i 've had that problem before .
they set forth on the return journey early in the morning .
tom is one of my good friends .
mary felt she had to say something .
i bet tom has never even been to boston .
just be careful with that .
i trust the room will be to your <unk> .
where did you do time ?
vegetables and <unk> are an important part of a healthy diet .
tom has been sitting in front of his computer for 8 hours today .
he wanted me to teach him french .
she isn 't as heavy as she used to be .
i 've got important business .
i think tom is going to have a hard time doing that .
i have to go myself .
i knew we wouldn 't be able to go swimming today .
i was on the road to the town .
this looks like a good photo opportunity .
the people at large were against the war .
their rooms are always clean .
tom said he 'd rather you didn 't do that .
sami and layla spent a few days in cairo .
education is the key to knowledge .
right now , i want to speak <unk> .
did you meet anyone on the road ?
i hurt the same way you hurt .
friends come in <unk> at times like this .
mary isn 't famous , is she ?
both tom and i have dogs .
tom was careful not to say anything that would make mary mad .
i don 't for a moment doubt your <unk> .
there was nothing to worry about .
tom said that he was really unlucky .
why don 't you give her some flowers ?
tom <unk> a little and changed the subject .
i can 't come to australia this month .
sami started a new relationship with layla .
both tom and mary are over thirty .
tom broke out laughing .
tom could hear nothing at all .
now i 'll <unk> all i just said .
tom and mary weren 't at home when i went to visit them .
get them out of there .
mary 's not happy that her boyfriend has to kiss another girl for the school play .
this is the first time i 've ever felt dizzy in a car .
it may not be a dream .
i know that you 're writing a book .
tom says that mary is hungry .
tom fell back to sleep .
it was clear tom wasn 't going to be able to keep mary from doing that .
she 's away on vacation .
everybody likes ice cream .
i am disappointed at the news .
what color cake do you want ?
we are here because we have a right to be involved in these decisions .
how often have you done that ?
tom said he saw mary in the park .
i know that tom knew that i needed to do that .
did you fall back asleep ?
me , hate you ? don 't be ridiculous ! we 're friends now .
neither tom nor john has a girlfriend .
that was when i was in the first year at high school , so <unk> years have passed since then .
tom said that mary was naive .
he was wounded in the battle .
i wonder if tom found anything .
tom and i speak the same language .
how do you feel about the issue ?
tom is really talented , isn 't he ?
tom might be at home all day .
sami paid layla six hundred dollars .
she 's fine on her own .
sami 's doctor didn 't suggest any special treatment .
when did you tell me that ?
i don 't want to do that , but i will .
she <unk> that her daughters would forgive her .
you are a canadian .
i don 't care about my grades .
i 'm not sure what tom is trying to say .
let me try .
mary let me know that she was going to do that .
tom said it was mary who told him to do that .
i 'm sure tom will listen to you .
that 's something i 'm looking into .
sami has a dog in his jacket .
tom will need surgery .
i told mary she should leave on monday .
tom must be annoyed .
tom said that it was an emergency .
tom never spoke to mary again .
the driver of the bus was injured .
i don 't want you to go away .
he 's easy to impress .
i thought you said tom did that .
i didn 't think tom would be jealous .
i 've been invited there , too .
he said he couldn 't help me .
i thought i could help him .
tom said that he wished he hadn 't forgotten to do his homework .
sami was too young to be held <unk> responsible for his act .
she 's wearing sunglasses .
they want answers .
we have lots of new stuff .
tom didn 't trust anyone and no one trusted him .
tom is a very rich man , isn 't he ?
i hope that you don 't have to stay in boston all month .
you 're not finished , are you ?
i 'll die if you don 't tell me .
tom will probably be present at today 's meeting .
i want to make absolutely sure that tom and mary really want to do that .
what time did you get home at ?
he was exhausted .
he worked too hard , and became sick .
i wish that i 'd brought an umbrella with me today .
tom and mary are going to find john .
no one i know likes tom anymore .
how did you know i wanted to go to boston ?
mary claims she had second thoughts .
did you feel the earthquake yesterday ?
" would you like to marry mary ? " " i would . "
i went running past them .
i hope he doesn 't die .
sami was able to help layla .
sami wanted to become muslim .
contact him .
i know that tom is a <unk> at harvard .
you did this to me .
no one 's getting left behind .
let me think about it a little longer .
i know i 'll be able to do that sooner or later .
tom is going to try to win , isn 't he ?
i killed two birds with one stone .
the circumstances worked to his advantage .
tom said that he didn 't know that eventually mary was going to do that .
she was ill with heart disease .
is this a free country ?
do you know where tom and your friends went ?
we are better off than we used to be .
my dog is named <unk> . she first arrived at our home as a little <unk> .
i want to get married .
i don 't think that tom will do that tomorrow .
i told him it was a mistake .
we 've been down this road .
have you ever <unk> your house for a party ?
do you think i look cool ?
tom is able to do that by himself .
come back to the table and sit down .
forgive me , but i have no change .
tom has been kind to me .
sami has never believed layla .
we ought at least , for <unk> , never to speak of ourselves , because that is a subject on which we may be sure that other people 's <unk> are never in <unk> with our own .
i love you and i always will .
tom probably couldn 't win .
could you please tell me why your were late ?
sami was the <unk> of a two hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy .
i managed to finish preparing for tomorrow 's lesson .
tom and mary said they didn 't want to do that after dark .
tom told everyone he was through doing that .
i found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago .
tom kept working .
" aren 't you afraid of death ? " " not a bit . i 'd rather die than drink that awful medicine . "
she went out just now .
not only was tom a good friend of the family , he has also become pretty much a father figure to mary 's kids .
but for <unk> , our school life would be more fun .
it 's time to come clean .
i was hoping i 'd see you .
you are my mother .
tom and mary are likely to win again .
he is not going to survive for more than a day .
she said she 's trying to lose weight .
he had his younger sister help him paint the wall of his room .
sami told layla about his <unk> on islam .
tom doesn 't often drink beer .
what 's so special about tom ?
tom said that he didn 't plan to do that .
tom asked me to be quiet .
two soldiers kept guard at the gate .
i probably will do that again .
tom , are you listening ?
i think it 's a terrible law .
that was not necessary .
we have a lot to learn from other <unk> .
your plan is excellent .
i am anxious for you and my brother to become <unk> .
she was slightly better yesterday .
do you want to get a drink ?
i 'm interested in the history of australia .
i gave each boy three dollars .
i never actually wanted a car .
this is why they left for america yesterday .
it makes me feel young again .
if the life and death of <unk> are those of a wise man , the life and death of jesus are those of a god .
we are all suspicious about him .
i was lonely , with nobody to play with .
i don 't think it would be cheap to do that .
tom said that mary knew that john might need to do that by himself .
i don 't really enjoy being in australia .
i haven 't eaten at my grandmother 's house since i was a kid .
mary writes more correctly than tom .
mary said she hopes tom can take care of himself .
do you know what tom does for a living ?
can you hear me , tom ?
i think that tom won 't resign .
the price of the book was $ 5 .
the <unk> old man got up and gave his hand to me .
we 're asking the questions .
tom and mary promised john they wouldn 't say anything about what happened .
i 'm sure tom wouldn 't mind doing that .
were you there ?
i 'm thinking about <unk> for that job .
can you swim across this river ?
i didn 't need to finish doing that yesterday .
be sure to mail this letter .
i 'm going back to get my umbrella .
cut it out , tom .
the insurance company will <unk> her for the loss .
tom says he definitely won 't win .
she 's very happy that her team won .
tom told me that my plan was reasonable .
i had met her many times before then .
it 'll be very easy to do that .
sami has to go to a new neighborhood .
mary was hoping that tom would smile at her .
sami gave layla a hug .
was tom sleeping ?
that 's a very big bite .
i want a chair .
we 're thinking about painting our house .
who am i speaking to ?
tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that by himself .
sami took the blame .
father makes a point of taking a hot bath before supper .
we 'll never give up .
tom is putting on weight , isn 't he ?
tom is a member of the canadian ski <unk> .
my job is to forgive you , which i do .
i can 't meet you at the airport .
nobody ever saw hide or hair of him .
tom is running for class president .
we 'll bring them to justice .
how do i get in on this ?
i finally have enough money to buy tom that camera he 's wanted .
the wall just got ten feet higher .
have a great day .
tom said that he wants to study french .
what time is the show ?
when will they have that picture ready that i wanted to get <unk> up ?
this train is comfortable .
i don 't like to call it " the <unk> " . i prefer the " french flag . "
what did tom and mary say they needed ?
you 'll need to go on a diet .
it 's a pain in the neck to get there by public <unk> .
sami 's mom was not happy at all .
tom is doing very well , isn 't he ?
tom must 've been lonely .
mary told me that she thought tom would be mad .
mary doesn 't know why tom didn 't want her to do that .
he said that he wasn 't a <unk> .
listen here !
i 've spent all the money you gave me .
sami buried his head in the sand .
these <unk> socks will keep your feet warm .
tom is going to do that this weekend .
calm down , and everything will be ok in the end .
my parents weren 't the ones who taught me how to drive .
tom said that mary was strange .
the boy has few friends to play with .
i 'm not free today .
i 'm expecting a <unk> catch , so please try your best at fishing for us .
mary said that she was determined to do that .
what did tom and mary do next ?
why don 't you let tom know you can 't drive ?
could you make a sentence in berber ?
how dumb would that be ?
take a left , and it 's the last house on your left .
how can i say that in your language ?
mary said that she doesn 't plan to go .
it couldn 't be anything else .
watch <unk> . i 'll show you how one does that .
i don 't think that tom knows who he can trust .
i want to see tom first .
sami 's door was unlocked .
what they told you is not true .
this is a girl .
tom won 't survive .
tom said that he had more important things to do .
i like living here .
mary says she hopes tom will do that .
all three of my brothers are now somewhere in boston .
how did tom know that ?
tom said he was very sorry .
we 're going to eventually figure out how to do that .
she killed herself yesterday .
you 've got to tell tom what you want to do .
somewhere behind your eyes .
we should consider the problem from a child 's <unk> .
if the sun were to go out , all living things would die .
both tom and i are high school students .
mary said she 's in boston now .
i 've never seen anyone die .
tom isn 't the one who convinced mary to show john how to do that .
i forgot my notebook again .
tom 's room was very clean .
he is as tall as my brother .
just give me your name and address .
mary laughed and threw a pillow at me .
are we supposed to be here ?
more and more people are <unk> to stop eating meat .
we might as well tell her , too .
i miss paris .
i 'll take him .
the people who don 't ask you anything are the best <unk> .
do you think anyone can see me ?
i already miss him .
how were they found ?
tom knows mary knows how to do that .
she told me that she 'd cried .
this ring has been in the family for over 300 years .
we aren 't going to have an office christmas party this year .
it looks like tom is prepared to do that .
sami moved slow .
what would you recommend ?
it 's unlikely that i 'll have time to finish this project before next week .
i almost never win at chess .
i 'll make sure that everything goes well .
i wish i were by your side !
tom doesn 't like it when people <unk> in front of his children .
did the cat get your tongue ?
i was totally serious .
look , i don 't want to do anything to <unk> it up with tom .
tom gained experience points .
i found the man i want to marry .
please promise me you 'll never lie again .
do you want to make a deal ?
good day , how may i help you ?
that 's why this is never going to happen again .
what is going on up there ?
they want to speak to you .
i am from america , but france is my second home .
you 've been working too hard .
you don 't seem to be trying very hard .
he entered the army .
i helped tom onto the bus .
i think that tom goes to boston at least once a year .
tom said he 's always lived on park street .
how did the dog bite the man ?
i won 't give them to you .
you must make up for the loss .
tom now understands what has happened .
mary heard it .
you 've lost it .
we had an amazing music teacher .
tom and i didn 't know each other until mary introduced us .
i think tom is expecting someone to make dinner for him .
the store raised all the prices .
sami <unk> somewhere in egypt , taking the children with him .
my hope is gone , i do not know where it is .
no , you may not .
sami was given two years jail .
sami lives quietly in cairo .
mary said that she was getting hungry .
tom always runs fast .
tom <unk> up the letter he got from mary .
when was the last time you went to church ?
tom is the only one who can help you with that .
i don 't think anybody else noticed what tom was doing .
i 'm the only one who ever really knew tom .
tom is mean , isn 't he ?
mary couldn 't deny that she found him handsome .
tom has never refused any of my <unk> .
talk it over .
tom said that my plan wouldn 't work .
what 's taking so much time ?
sami arrived in egypt and it was beautiful .
tom said he wasn 't bored .
you need not answer the letter .
i don 't think anybody else wants to come .
after much effort , he ended up with a contract .
sami refused to be taken alive .
he is walking very slowly .
she liked the new dress .
i want to do a little physical exercise .
mary should probably tell tom she doesn 't want to do that .
i 'm not under any <unk> to do that .
we want to make everybody happy .
tom said he had plenty of friends in boston .
they told me that they 'd never do that .
tom didn 't want to write about what had happened .
see that the window is closed .
tom told me that he thought mary had to do that .
they gave me 3 days to pack my bags .
who would do such a thing ?
we knew them very well .
he should know better at his age .
i 'm not used to drinking <unk> water .
tom is going to hate living here .
should i wait for tom to finish ?
sami had boxes and boxes full of things .
did you kill them ?
they said they felt hungry .
i can 't go to the mall .
my wallet and passport are missing .
sami sat on the couch .
he had the <unk> to be a great politician .
he went to osaka , where he put up at a hotel .
tom said mary is afraid .
don 't you see what that means ?
he won 't likely change his opinion .
i wish i had paid more attention to what tom said .
do you want me to drive ?
the man wanted to call his father .
i was just playing for time .
you seemed surprised when tom told you that you didn 't have to do that .
i thought that tom would be older .
tom did exactly what i told him to do .
i 'd say that tom is jealous .
tom isn 't as worried as i am .
i saw something strange on my way to work this morning .
tom told me that he thought mary was insane .
tom heard the sound of rain on the <unk> roof .
tom pretended he didn 't know what was going on .
tom must have really wanted to do that .
tom and mary are <unk> on each other .
i 've eaten here before .
he says he never did that .
the population of new york is smaller than that of tokyo .
could you please ask tom if he 's going to help us do that ?
does tom still do that ?
she just told me what she did .
did you see them today ?
the road makes a sharp right turn there .
they told me that they 'd decided to do that .
no one can live to be two hundred years old .
i see a lady and two dogs in the car .
the world is flat .
mary isn 't comfortable with her body .
tom and mary took their children to boston with them .
i wasn 't expecting that to happen at all .
tom really likes music a lot .
we 're not all as busy as you are .
we 'd like to rent a people <unk> .
anne had red hair and a <unk> temper .
i 'm only here to help tom .
i wonder if tom is really guilty .
could you send this letter to japan ?
i know that i should 've helped tom , but i didn 't have the time .
tom and mary said they didn 't want to try doing that without some help .
it is a result .
tom hasn 't called you , has he ?
tom had a car accident .
tom and mary got locked out of their <unk> .
usually , tom is right .
you 're smarter than me .
tom won 't do that without you .
they weren 't listening to music .
tom has just finished doing what he should 've done last week .
why should tom quit ?
there 's no way we can do that by 2 : 30 .
you should try to get to bed a bit earlier tonight .
please read the whole story .
i sleep at ten o 'clock .
i don 't have any son .
your daughter will tell me .
tom and mary said they 'd do that for john this time .
how common are problems like this ?
tom didn 't want a party .
mary should tell tom what she wants him to do .
mary said she wanted to do that .
tom and mary admitted that they weren 't really rich .
you 're afraid of the truth , aren 't you ?
you 're the only person i 've ever really been in love with .
i think tom is a lot better singer than mary .
tom doesn 't know me at all .
from the hill we can have a beautiful view of the sea .
i still have some things to take care of .
i wonder whether tom agreed to do that .
let 's stop playing tennis .
i let tom borrow my <unk> to fix his car .
tom spent more than three years in prison .
tom and i both need help .
luck has been on my side in this competition .
you should have brought lunch with you .
i find this thing ridiculous .
my chest hurts when i breathe .
to say that that which is , is not or that which is not is , is a <unk> ; and to say that which is , is and that which is not is not , is true .
an actor should never <unk> a role they are supposed to play .
i guess you won 't be eating with us .
do not let the dog jump on the coffee table !
i had dinner with a total stranger .
he took hold of my arm and never let me loose .
i need to get us some help .
tom didn 't notice that mary was staring at him .
i know why tom and mary are surprised .
i would 've done that if i 'd known it was necessary .
i did it with my eyes open .
i actually voted that i 'm not a <unk> , though . i have some of the <unk> on the list to a high degree but not entirely motivated by <unk> .
i thought tom would be angry , but to my surprise , he smiled .
he didn 't eat pizza yesterday .
tom and mary said they thought john wouldn 't be scared .
we 're all in agreement .
tom doesn 't seem to like playing chess .
do tom and mary have to work on <unk> ?
do you think i 'm stupid ?
tom and mary are thinking of buying new cars .
that 's not scary .
tom couldn 't have done that without mary 's help .
what else can you expect ?
she told me she would do that .
everybody was sami 's best friend .
my hobby is music .
tom and mary say they 're willing to help us .
tom told mary that she should stop pretending to be <unk> .
i think tom can speak french . however , i could be wrong .
this report presents all the facts .
this plan is far from perfect , but it 's the best plan we have .
what are you crying for ?
please copy this .
who told him to do that ?
i 'll call tom before i leave for boston .
he told me not to drive too fast .
i fully believe that you are innocent .
the student was given a three day <unk> .
i haven 't been lucky in this town .
would you help me move this ?
tom wants to learn how to do that .
what do you spend most of your time doing ?
i don 't enjoy doing that kind of thing .
for <unk> ' sake , please be nice to him .
mary has decided that she 'll do that .
tom heard a knock at the door .
mary gave tom all of her money .
tom told me to get lost .
tom seemed to be very annoyed .
why was i not aware of this ?
sami jumped off a building in downtown cairo .
you didn 't take your medicine .
we 're going to go camping .
tom had nothing to add .
i don 't think that tom knows who did that .
tom changed the <unk> on all his doors .
there is much truth in what you say .
tom is a cruel person .
mary admitted that she didn 't do that .
tom was unlucky , but mary wasn 't .
all the president 's men .
this jacket <unk> doesn 't go with this skirt .
this is the order .
the car moved very slowly .
i know him better than anybody .
i think i need to do something to help tom .
the last time tom and i were in boston was last october .
tom thinks that mary is probably in the <unk> , eating lunch .
let 's not forget the reason we 're here .
all things are possible if you believe .
tom 's friends knew that he was having money problems .
i can 't always understand everything you write .
he made his way to the room .
i hope this letter finds you well .
i can barely keep my eyes open .
tom is learning how to fly .
you 're in luck . the plane is on time .
tom and mary knew they were going to be ok .
i don 't know how much time we have to do that .
he loves his dog .
we did what we were told .
would that i were his little kid that he might take me in his arms !
tom couldn 't do that without a lot of help .
they got everything they needed .
both men drew <unk> and pictures of what they saw .
i think tom would be surprised if that happened .
it is difficult to walk in the sand .
tom and mary said they 'd leave on monday .
tom asked mary to drive him to the airport .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was skeptical .
she insisted that she acted alone .
i managed to make him understand it .
what happened to me ?
i bought a set of <unk> new speakers .
i thought that would be appropriate .
she listened to music for hours .
i want everyone to help me clean the house .
see if there 's anything you can do to help tom .
tom and i won 't be getting married .
quite a few people went to the concert .
tom thought mary was bored .
tom would 've probably done that .
it was a great plan .
tom doesn 't know what i did .
this is just a personal opinion .
we all laughed about that .
would you like to try that again ?
i think she is over forty years old .
take it as it comes .
we finally reached the lake .
sami was working in the gift shop .
sami 's classes were four to five hours long .
when he got back up on his feet , the girl and the <unk> had disappeared .
i think that tom may be able to do that today .
she has <unk> , but i love her none the less .
tom wears a suit to work every day .
why does the <unk> have such long ears ?
what time 's your train ?
somebody somewhere must have said that .
you could kill someone .
it 's hard to get good help these days .
tom was shot and killed in front of the restaurant he owned .
tom said he didn 't think that mary would let john drive .
layla was the new girl in class .
my knowledge about japanese is not that good yet .
you want to go with us , don 't you ?
i know tom is intoxicated .
perhaps we 'll meet again .
they 've said that they 'll do that .
i know that tom is impatient to do that .
he washed his face .
how do you know his name ?
tom and mary said they thought i was <unk> .
tom moved to a new place .
i 'll be the one who has to do that .
that will save me a lot of trouble .
my friends are my family .
i am buying a new umbrella .
i 've been having a hard time staying awake during history classes .
does anyone here know tom jackson ?
tom and mary promised to do their best .
well begun , well finished .
the <unk> was immediately caught , put into a car and <unk> away from the crime scene .
there were thirty people present at the meeting .
that 's because the second dress was cheaper .
may i have the floor ?
tom was in a car accident .
tom is still too young to join the army .
i thought tom and mary were going to be punished .
tom said that he thought that he 'd be able to do that today .
i wasn 't as careful as i should have been .
tom said he 's feeling better now .
no , why ?
be quiet while we are eating .
does anybody here know her ?
tom had a new <unk> on his <unk> since the last time mary had seen him .
she pretended that she had a weapon .
why can 't tom do it ?
send it to me when you have time .
sami built an ice cave to escape the <unk> .
why don 't you ask her yourself ?
there were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip .
i 'm not dating anybody right now .
when are you planning to take pictures ?
i think you 're still in love with tom .
they do not want the people to be independent .
we also think that he 's a <unk> .
houses built with wood burn more easily than houses built out of stone .
we 'll be in boston for another three weeks .
sami didn 't share <unk> of the children .
why does tom look so upset ?
it 's just a weird feeling .
sami came back to us .
just leave us alone .
mary is irritated , isn 't she ?
excuse me , i think you 're sitting in my seat .
i don 't think i would do that .
in your language , does " heart " <unk> with " pain " ?
smoking is permitted .
teachers should create a positive learning environment .
she may do that if she wants .
tom is busy outside .
she told me that she wasn 't angry .
i 'm going to miss you so much .
how do you plan on <unk> tom from doing that ?
the final <unk> will probably carry over into next month .
please come back as soon as possible .
that man is dead .
i won 't talk to you .
we couldn 't go to boston last christmas .
i thought tom couldn 't play the <unk> .
i 'm sure that 's not what tom meant .
is tomorrow a holiday ?
mary knows what she wants to say .
i don 't think that enough is being done .
i want to dance with you .
you can 't walk .
we 'll take you home .
i 'm from australia , but now i live in new zealand .
i know that tom might need to do that today .
if you need to blame someone , blame tom and me .
tom hasn 't written to me in a long time .
it 's a dead language .
tom couldn 't make himself heard in the noisy club .
they are of average height .
i may never do that again .
all my family were just crazy about baseball .
i wouldn 't recommend it .
can i go with her ?
the price of this computer is very low .
i don 't care what tom thinks .
tom said mary knew that he might not be allowed to do that today .
tom told me that he thought that mary had <unk> fired .
tom enjoys working here , i think .
we arrived at a small town in <unk> .
i don 't want to fail the test .
children are the flowers of life .
sami had to leave the room .
would you be careful with that ?
i told you to stay away from my daughter .
tom will take care of that .
the storm didn 't cause any damage .
tom doesn 't think it 's going to work .
how would you like it if someone did that to you ?
tom and mary played chess .
tom said he didn 't know anyone who could fly a <unk> .
tom said that he wished he hadn 't had to do that by himself .
i know that tom doesn 't know why mary doesn 't want to do that .
there is a <unk> flying above the tree .
tom lied about where he grew up .
why are tom and mary so hungry ?
i guess i should 've done that yesterday .
the child crashed his model train into his sister 's <unk> .
i 'll show you how to make a good italian coffee .
we 're close friends .
i 'm sorry i am late , but there 's been a lot of work to do .
what are tom and mary talking about ?
i like the way this flower smells .
sami took layla down to show her his cars .
you want to get beaten up ?
you should have stopped while you had the chance .
tom and mary said they didn 't really know how to swim very well .
she 's painting her room white .
i 'm not sure that i have enough time .
you were a waiter , weren 't you ?
sami waited for you all afternoon .
tom said that he wouldn 't do that anymore .
i invited tom to lunch .
guard yourself against <unk> , even if they are false ; for the <unk> are <unk> of the truth and look only to reputation .
do you think you can stop tom from doing that ?
when was the last time you took a chance ?
i am into golf lately .
he came to see me in a different way .
she told me she was an artist .
ok , back up .
you are really so bad .
tom had lunch .
i play golf every so often .
tom is way too young to do that by himself .
tom will probably lose .
mary seems so sure of herself , but actually she has doubts and <unk> too .
tom couldn 't eat for three days .
i think it was tom who did this .
they say they 're not afraid of ghosts .
tom has been in the pool almost all morning .
if you have an idea , write it down , or it may be gone forever . i even make notes in my passport .
i miss hanging out there .
i 'll fix your <unk> for you if you want .
i don 't know where tom bought his umbrella .
we tried to cheer tom up .
you 've lost a lot of weight .
tom put the letter <unk> back in the desk drawer .
doing that was quite an experience for me .
tom is probably just too scared .
that was what i wanted you to think .
tom said last night 's concert was three hours .
make sure tom knows when he 's supposed to be here .
tom doesn 't feel tired .
yes , we will take revenge , they <unk> to one another .
tom is planning on going tomorrow , isn 't he ?
tom told me he was through .
i can 't forgive you yet .
didn 't tom and mary want to go to australia ?
tom said he thought mary would be lonely .
she is by no means polite .
why do you want to hurt her ?
he has just bought a used car .
i didn 't want to admit that i didn 't know how to do that .
tom is pleased with the decision .
we didn 't think of that .
i forgot the date of the meeting .
i still have to talk to tom about that .
it seems like the rainy season is finally over .
there 's something you don 't know about tom .
mary said she 'd be back in october .
she passed away .
they said that they may not do that .
tom and his dog are waiting outside .
here are the documents you asked for .
i always thought that tom and mary would become teachers .
i 'm pretty mad right now .
a big rock rose out of the sea .
tom couldn 't remember mary 's address .
i knew i might need to do that .
mary lived there by herself .
i know that tom hasn 't done that .
sami can 't tell you .
they got off the bus and walked two kilometers in the hot sun .
i haven 't read " war and peace " either .
i 'm scared to death right now .
mary wouldn 't be crazy enough to do that , would she ?
tom showed me a picture of his grandmother .
i 'm not dumb .
losing injured their pride .
sami was not too nice to layla .
i know tom wouldn 't care if mary did that by herself .
i think there 's a good possibility that that 'll happen .
i thought you said that we weren 't going to be here .
they 're working .
ask anyone .
we hadn 't so much as heard of her name .
" what do the <unk> letters in that <unk> mean ? " " may her soul be bound up in the <unk> of life . "
there 's no way to save everybody .
they told me they didn 't want to win .
where did you read them ?
i had trouble making him hear me calling for help .
no other man could do my work .
tom wouldn 't tell mary what she wanted to know .
we 'd do anything to help you .
the doctor advised me to stop smoking .
tom should have been back by 2 : 30 .
this saying suddenly became popular .
sami has his own car now .
you didn 't think tom would be able to convince mary to do that , did you ?
tom didn 't seem to want any help .
i 'll check that .
there 's a <unk> garden inside the park .
i don 't think we 've done anything illegal .
i 'm fine and i 'm not sick .
why are they angry ?
i know that tom didn 't do that on purpose .
tom and mary don 't think it 's possible to do that .
i love apple juice .
i think she 's going to get a divorce .
sometimes you don 't need to speak the same language in order to understand each other .
it 's a very slow business .
tom has a new job and a new girlfriend .
tom wanted to hug mary .
tom and mary still haven 't done what we asked them to do .
sami and layla took a couple of pictures together .
they know their stuff .
tom led the group of boys down the <unk> .
you didn 't show up .
this is a huge loss .
i know that tom and mary are as happy as i am .
tom and i aren 't planning to sing together .
tom and mary are still confused about that .
i 'd rather do that tomorrow . would that be ok ?
tom told me that mary was very beautiful , but i didn 't think she 'd be that beautiful .
how i miss you .
tom waited for us .
i saw her trip and fall .
mary put a finger to her lips .
the last time i saw mary she was with tom .
mary said she didn 't think tom really did that .
i 'm going to do that later .
tom was probably just drunk .
these flowers are for mary , not for you .
you can read this book .
i couldn 't turn down the job they offered me .
she wanted to go , but she couldn 't .
the house is <unk> on the top of the hill .
both tom and mary are thirty .
tom and mary looked up from their books .
my father and mother are dead .
someone just came in asking for tom .
tom and mary said that they weren 't sad .
tom knew i was involved .
they still haven 't said they 're sorry .
i am no longer your teacher . ( <unk> )
it has nothing to do with her .
i have to do taxes .
suppose you had ten million yen , what would you do ?
i really appreciate you <unk> me use your apartment .
i 've never understood her .
you learned to <unk> when you were five , didn 't you ?
why are you depressed ?
the reason tom came was because mary asked him to .
i must go to the station at once .
isn 't tom your cat ?
tom said that mary seemed hungry .
tom found his old camera in the back of his closet .
he lost color .
don 't pay attention to anything they tell you .
do you want me to water your flowers while you 're away ?
i don 't care if anyone believes me or not .
she doesn 't think i did it , does she ?
this might hurt a little bit .
tom is just not that into you .
he 'll come if you ask him to .
he got the first prize .
whenever you come , i 'm glad to see you .
how can we end war ?
it seemed that he was fine .
how many <unk> are there in your class ?
tom didn 't tell me mary was his girlfriend .
he is not a manager , he is just a paper <unk> .
sami can 't open the door .
tom never told me what i was supposed to do .
do you think tom and mary are still poor ?
i was surprised to learn that tom and mary were <unk> .
such being the case , i can 't go with you .
tom has enough money to buy what he wants .
people say she was an actress when she was young .
we didn 't want anything more to eat .
milk is a lot cheaper over there .
tom gave mary the <unk> of the doubt .
tom and i were living in boston in 2013 .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was excited .
he was unable to run fast as he was over <unk> .
guess where i 've been .
do you know the real reason that tom isn 't here ?
fadil had no idea that layla was waiting for him with a gun .
i thought that you said you 'd never do that .
let tom finish what he started .
neither tom nor mary has a lot of teaching experience .
could a greater <unk> take place than for us to look through each other 's eyes for an <unk> ?
we searched everywhere but found nothing .
things won 't go as planned .
i don 't want to answer tom 's question .
i never thought tom would come back to boston again .
mike was the only person who survived the plane crash .
though it was a <unk> night , she went to bed with all the windows closed .
mary 's hair started turning gray before she turned thirty .
they don 't know they 're adopted .
not only she but also her parents were invited to the party .
mary is never satisfied , is she ?
let 's throw all this stuff away .
this is what 's happening .
every picture tells a story .
i think tom is sharp .
mary said she couldn 't afford to see a doctor .
tom doesn 't do what he 's supposed to do .
i 'd like to talk to him .
no one is working here today , except tom .
i have a friend in australia .
it 's nearly impossible to find a parking space downtown .
i 'll call tom and see what he 's doing .
tom is taller than me .
it was summer and the weather was warm .
he has three daughters ; one is married , but the others aren 't .
how much for this red hat ?
tom and mary are still talking .
tom would like to have a girlfriend .
don 't turn up the <unk> of tv anymore .
do you know where the money is ?
you could 've told me that earlier .
tom tried to break into mary 's house .
i hope you are all well .
do you have any bigger ones ?
i was very pleased with the audience 's <unk> of my speech .
maybe you didn 't hear me .
tom never said anything about where he 'd been .
are you going to school ?
mary told me she 'd do that , too .
what we know is that fadil sometimes beat layla .
i want to know what 's in my food .
i had my ears checked .
i want that more than anything .
george is poor , but he 's always happy .
i 'm not afraid now .
tom really had to do that .
tom always seems to have trouble talking to women .
sami grew up in the <unk> of cairo .
i need a list of all the dangerous <unk> in the city .
tom had no idea why mary was planning to do that .
what 's gotten into her ?
you need to do it yourselves .
i hope tom and mary both have a good time .
what was about to happen ?
could you bring me a time magazine ?
you will miss japanese food in the united states .
he put the milk back in the refrigerator .
we 've been over this a thousand times .
tom will help me .
tom and i were in the same class .
tom will be sentenced on monday .
mary ran to get a doctor .
i hope you 'll get over your cold soon .
is mary cleaning her room now ?
why didn 't you kiss her ?
i know the boy .
i thought tom was going to join us tonight .
sami did nothing to help layla .
tom seems to be very concerned about something .
tom was , of course , happy .
i never had the chance to talk with tom .
where did he leave his shoes ?
did mary ever tell you why she never <unk> ?
i used one .
more people came to the party than i had <unk> for .
i didn 't know that you had so many cats .
excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the station ?
there is a certain age , for a woman , where she has to be beautiful so that she may be loved , and then comes the age , where she must be loved so that she may be beautiful .
i will write you back soon .
i think tom and mary are still <unk> .
i don 't think that tom had to do that , but he did it anyway .
i 'm so excited to be here .
i just thought that you might want to have this back .
putting my traveling experience to good use , i started a travel <unk> .
tom should have told mary that she needed to do that .
sami let the dogs out .
i can 't wait to hear your voice , tom .
sami showed layla attention .
deep down i was delighted .
tom said he thought i was handsome .
it was a bad job .
the police told tom to come out of the house with his hands up .
i didn 't think tom would ever do that again .
i don 't think that anyone saw us doing that .
i 'm afraid we 'll have to start over again .
i bet tom thirty dollars that mary wouldn 't do that .
tom and mary said that they didn 't think doing that would be easy .
he pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move .
they appear dead .
i 'll probably never come here again .
nobody 's as fast as you .
why don 't you go ahead ?
speak of the devil , here comes <unk> .
i need someone to call me a cab .
i want to go swimming again .
john is not so much a genius as a hard worker .
they started kissing each other .
during this time of the year you can neither enter nor leave rome .
i wish i could have done more to help .
don 't let tom and mary do that today .
i thought tom was going to buy some <unk> today .
i 'm sorry , but i forgot to do my homework .
are you sure that tom didn 't see you ?
tom was even more surprised than mary was .
i could have helped you out .
i think tom doesn 't have to do that anymore .
are tom and mary planning on staying at home all day by themselves ?
everybody in town knows who tom and mary are .
i 'm likely to do that again .
the red lamp lights up in case of danger .
your <unk> of life is different than mine .
tom and mary said they 're doing just fine .
tom and mary were forced to sell their farm .
i can handle him .
do you really think tom will be present ?
i am afraid he won 't come .
sami still reads the bible .
don 't talk to others during the class .
we 're sick of your lies .
i will finish the work in five days .
christmas is here again . aren 't you happy ?
tom said that he thought mary <unk> john .
tom and i have been friends for many years .
perhaps if you told us what you need , we could help .
she gave it everything she had .
mary admitted she didn 't do what tom said she had to do .
i think that i 'd better go to australia with tom .
they say that they 're really sorry .
i 'm going to be <unk> for a crime i didn 't commit .
tom searched inside the closet .
i hope tom will understand me .
when i stopped by this morning , tom was still in his <unk> .
why were you late ?
i knew i had to buy something .
tom doesn 't lie .
i was just looking at your holiday <unk> .
tom quite often does that .
do you like playing the piano ?
" stop laughing ! " said <unk> <unk> ; but he might as well have spoken to the wall .
mary said she 'd love to go with us .
tom will be in australia next summer .
you drink beer , don 't you ?
water is the only thing tom will drink .
tom didn 't want mary to move to australia .
but you like it !
we all want prices to come down .
tom has a son also named tom .
tom might be through eating by now .
tom was the one who actually did that .
my son 's name is tom .
he stood there for a while .
tom couldn 't have done what he did without some help .
this made sami terrified .
sami never read the play .
a fire broke out nearby .
mary said she thought tom enjoyed swimming .
that wasn 't the main reason tom shouldn 't have done that .
you two have a lot in common .
we waited in the park for a long time .
tom doesn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary .
when do you expect to have your christmas shopping done ?
i don 't think it would be stupid to do that .
tom didn 't give mary a choice .
mary wouldn 't go back to boston if she didn 't need to .
it is difficult for <unk> to get used to japanese meals .
i 'm not sure when tom will leave for boston .
i hope that helps .
tom and mary aren 't able to swim , are they ?
my sister would often cry to sleep when she was a baby .
this is a very brave thing you 're doing .
are you content with your present salary ?
it was very crowded in the room .
you shouldn 't have come here .
are you still hungry or have you had enough ?
tom and mary said they didn 't want me to wait for them .
tell me what you 're looking for and i 'll help .
when we were kids , we always wanted to grow up . now that we have grown up , we wish we were aware of it .
mary just lost her job .
i 'll drop you off at the station .
it would be interesting to try doing that .
you didn 't know you were supposed to do that before i got here , did you ?
maybe tom and mary don 't know they shouldn 't do that again .
i 'll drive myself .
the room was dark .
we went to bed .
tom told mary that he didn 't think that john was in australia .
tom doesn 't want to be a <unk> .
tom does weight training .
the doctors don 't know what 's wrong with tom .
he decided to part with his house .
my daughter is in hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident .
i don 't think that tom knows how to ride a horse .
you 're making me very happy by doing that .
count your change .
tom didn 't seem to be as creative as mary seemed to be .
i think we can all agree that 's a bad idea .
they claim that they can swim .
i don 't feel so good .
tom is still working .
is it too complicated ?
i 'm not sure who i should give this to .
can we just get this over with ?
they can 't swim .
is there anyone else you want to talk to ?
can 't tom get somebody else to do that ?
can you <unk> the man in this picture ?
you 're almost as tall as tom , aren 't you ?
they told me they were worried .
tom says he 'll only talk to you .
tom found an interesting book about boston in the school library .
tom is going to be in boston all summer .
mary figured she couldn 't afford it .
tom died a hero .
tom wants to give an answer , but of course , he can 't .
i just told tom and mary why i didn 't like them .
tom ran a good race today .
sami soon discovered his father had been keeping secrets , too .
the meeting wasn 't as boring as i thought it would be .
tom sounded excited .
tom lives with a roommate .
the whole sky had looked like gold .
i tried to get her to come .
sami was taken to the hospital and it doesn 't look good .
i 'll wake you up at seven .
it 's not like tom 's going anywhere .
tom will forgive you . just explain everything to him .
mary doesn 't play tennis as often as she 'd like to .
i know tom knew that mary had never done that before .
fadil and layla had a very <unk> relationship .
when i first came back to boston , i was really lonely .
tom doesn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seems to be .
i have no idea what to expect .
i 've been going to boston every summer since i was thirteen .
i had to let tom go .
no go ?
tom didn 't act like he really wanted to be here .
tom is mary 's current boyfriend .
i can see that now .
everything is different today .
seriously , people are so dumb .
i really need to learn berber .
he hated his mother .
i slept with my wife before we were married . did you ?
i know that we can do that if we try .
i won 't have time to do that today .
with all her <unk> , i like her .
are you sure you didn 't hear anything ?
they loved their jobs .
i don 't like <unk> pizza that much .
manners make the man .
this <unk> the rules of the police department .
would you sing us a song in english ?
sami had school that day .
tom stood near mary .
in ten minutes , the potatoes will be done .
tom will probably fail .
the word comes from greek .
the teacher put a mark next to his name to show that he was absent .
i think i 've hurt tom 's feelings .
i know tom knows he shouldn 't be doing that here .
so who are you kidding ?
they had a long talk in an atmosphere of peace and freedom .
she has a great <unk> for her parents .
the woman in a red dress ignored the <unk> man and called a friend on her <unk> .
i want to be liked .
tom told me that he thought mary might be tempted to do that .
is tom allergic to anything ?
tom said that no one could help mary .
she told us she couldn 't win .
i 'll never be as good as them .
tom couldn 't keep up with his class .
can i touch you ?
a stranger was seen to steal into his house .
she knows that she 's said too much .
people tell me i have an annoying voice .
i heard that tom and mary plan to move to boston .
she passed by without seeing me .
sami was with his cousin .
i think that tom will stay in boston all summer .
i don 't think that tom knows exactly what he ought to do .
therefore it will be closed for the rest of the year .
what he said is <unk> to the matter .
tom isn 't really busy .
please tell mary she doesn 't need to do that .
i saw him three years ago .
my grandmother had an operation in germany .
i can 't remember exactly how old i was when i first met tom .
i 'm not so happy .
i think doing that was the wrong thing to do .
just put it here .
tom said that he didn 't think that mary really needed to do that today .
how much is one beer ?
i cannot touch fire .
you 're the only one i know who doesn 't get along with tom .
tom is in his room , listening to the radio .
tom had intended to be here today , but he had to go to the hospital .
he says he believes he can win .
how do you know how thick it is ?
he 's not home yet .
their child got their bottom <unk> , because they wouldn 't listen .
you may as well tell him nothing about her .
she seems to have been in poor health in her childhood .
sami and layla so crazy .
tom and mary don 't use salt in their cooking .
he 's my older brother .
a few of the neighbors came by to welcome us to the neighborhood .
isn 't tom supposed to be doing his homework now ?
tom and mary said they thought it would be dangerous for john to walk home by himself at night .
who left the door open ?
this has always been a problem .
tom cried for help .
you don 't leave me much choice , do you ?
when do you plan to leave for japan ?
and god said : love !
i seek professional help for my issues .
your coat is very beautiful .
tom was very tough .
they said they 'd never leave early .
they talked all day long of nothing but how they should be dressed .
tom and mary won 't tell me who gave them those <unk> .
does tom have more than one girlfriend ?
do you have any idea how long tom stayed in boston ?
i cannot <unk> my hair . my mother would kill me !
tom was very confused .
you shouldn 't have sold this to someone .
tom is going to <unk> his house down .
sami has bought a new car .
i could ask him directly .
i can 't decide where to go .
what time did tom and mary say they wanted to leave ?
you are certainly homesick .
my friend george is coming to japan this spring .
i left my jacket in the classroom .
it 's not for you .
check with her .
what would you think if tom didn 't do that ?
some young women are attracted to bad boys .
tom and mary tried to cover up their mistakes .
i don 't think that tom sold anything .
who cares what tom and mary say ?
mary said that she forgot something .
i 'll try to get a hold of tom .
mary said that she 's cold .
i know you still want us to live together .
she said that she wants to go .
can you still afford to do that ?
they 're bothering me .
god , let the village be safe !
mary has been told that she 's required to do that .
this isn 't funny anymore .
why were you with tom ?
she has green eyes .
there were many books inside of that box .
tom is a patient man .
tom and mary have done something terrible .
sami 's father was so sweet and nice .
why are you telling me that tom has a girlfriend ?
sami wanted a comfortable life .
tom knows he 's not supposed to eat peanuts .
tom didn 't tell me mary 's secret .
sami was trying to find his father .
it took tom a long time to finish his homework .
i don 't think that tom knows why i 'm scared to do that .
tom doesn 't know why mary let you do that .
i 'm afraid we must go if we want to get home before dark .
it 's very kind of you to say so .
you 've got to get rid of this .
mary says she thought tom enjoyed doing that .
tom couldn 't get to sleep last night .
tom said that he wasn 't used to this kind of weather .
what do you know about this forest ?
i hope tom and mary don 't get injured .
you think i do that all the time , don 't you ?
i should go there .
try to hold on until a rescue team <unk> .
tom and mary said they 'd stopped doing that .
mary got lost on her way here .
please fill this bottle with water .
i wonder why you needed to do that .
i 've been working since i was thirteen .
tom was <unk> last night on his way home from work .
they 've already sold their cars .
sami is really unlucky when it comes to women .
i study for many hours at night .
tom and mary are out of work now .
did the doctor say it was ok for you to go swimming ?
tom and mary don 't know exactly what they should do .
she doesn 't look very happy .
i know that tom is a better singer than mary .
don 't let her die .
she ruined me .
you should 've told me that yesterday .
mary didn 't go where she said she 'd go .
sami and layla don 't even know each other .
i don 't want to think about what could have happened .
i wasn 't sure which one i should buy .
i wonder what tom and mary think of me .
she buried her face in her hands .
do you want me to get tom to do that ?
this restaurant is popular with tourists .
i 'm showing an interest in the <unk> .
i want to know if tom eats meat or not .
he believes that he can win .
i would do it again if i had to .
i arrived early .
five years ago my wife cheated on me .
tom knew that he couldn 't reach the top shelf .
tom died in boston three years later .
tom and mary didn 't tell john they were hungry .
tom and mary said they didn 't think i had the <unk> to do that .
god must love the rich or he wouldn 't <unk> so much among so few of them .
he climbed to the <unk> of the mountain .
tom isn 't going to do that for mary .
tom wasn 't here on that particular day .
how did you find out that tom didn 't like doing that ?
i need money in general , not just now .
i like baseball . what sport do you like ?
tom didn 't want that .
could you fix this , please ?
tom is a little older than mary .
i still think we should 've told your dad where we 're going tonight .
tom never should 've said that .
i didn 't know if tom and mary were canadians or not .
despite our efforts , we failed after all .
i had to protect them .
what 's the weather like outside ?
the new theory is too <unk> for ordinary people .
i knew that tom wouldn 't have any fun at the party .
is there a tennis court around here ?
is there anyone left alive ?
tom said he wasn 't planning on going swimming tomorrow .
sami didn 't even want to go to the dentist .
will you accept me just as i am ?
tom should have been better at doing that than mary .
it 's important to try and strike a balance between home , work and personal <unk> , so that no one <unk> <unk> our life .
can 't you see what 's happening here ?
i think tom and mary are poor .
we 've gone too far .
sami lived in this area .
i want tom to be here for christmas .
tom knows your secret .
real people make history .
tom said he needed to buy a new sweater .
strange to say , his <unk> has come true .
she may do that any way she likes .
tom and mary seemed surprised when i told them john didn 't want to do that .
tom met mary at a new year 's party .
i know that tom is a little homesick .
that 's not funny .
sami is no stranger to crime .
<unk> will happen when they are least expected .
tom 's a clever one .
tom said mary knew he might be allowed to do that by himself .
you like music , don 't you ?
i was in bed all day long yesterday .
how stupid do you think i am ?
i knew tom wouldn 't be able to swim all the way to the island .
tom likes tea .
he is now old enough to travel by himself .
the time has come to <unk> our fate and we should not wait for other people to <unk> it for us .
no issue is a small issue .
hurry up or we 'll be late .
tom and mary don 't know they 're adopted .
i know all the places to hide .
out of <unk> , thank god , sometimes comes courage .
i thought that tom would be better at french .
i have one hour to eat .
i hope he knows what he 's doing .
why should men get all the good jobs ?
<unk> ' children are more likely to have drinking problems .
we 're not doing anything right now .
good luck . you 'll need it .
tom has never had to work hard in his entire life .
tom has left australia .
tom has been doing a pretty good job of <unk> the police , but eventually he 'll get caught .
they cried when they heard the story .
tell me what he said .
you might not like what you find .
she is already beginning to read and write .
tom has some time , but probably not a lot .
tom is still wearing his hat .
i felt i had to stay .
i 'd prefer to take a taxi rather than walk .
sami is a very special person .
tom told mary to try to keep calm .
that 's not something i would have done .
i hope you and i will always be friends .
tom said he doesn 't think mary really has to do that again .
i know how crazy that must sound .
tom made a lot of money last year .
tom said doing that would be fun .
tom hopes mary knows she needs to do everything john has asked her to do .
i 'm furious with him .
tom complained that his back hurt .
i don 't want you doing that by yourself .
she 's washing her car right now .
i will study english at home .
you 're very likely to succeed .
tom didn 't really feel like working .
tom and mary gave $ 300 to each of their sons .
tom died in an accident .
he cut a <unk> from the tree with his knife .
this is the last warning .
" so , you 'll go out with me if i don 't have to repeat a year ? " " i don 't care for ' what if ' stories . "
i suspect that that isn 't going to happen .
tom spent some time behind enemy lines .
tom thinks mary won 't be early .
tom doesn 't know when mary will arrive .
mary got into her car and drove away .
i couldn 't live in australia without you .
one of the <unk> of <unk> was , " if you have not lost a thing , you have it . "
it 's <unk> whether tom will do that .
my shoulder is ok now .
did everybody do that ?
tom tried to figure out what needed to be done .
sami can 't live with a dirty person .
should the <unk> be allowed to break down completely ?
i know tom is a little tired .
sami is gonna have a baby brother .
tom is a <unk> , isn 't he ?
tom and mary wouldn 't have known how to do that if john hadn 't shown them how .
tom thinks it 's all a joke .
tom just barely managed to earn enough money to pay the rent .
i won 't be able to attend your wedding .
i 'll go by plane .
the back of tom 's right hand was injured by a <unk> of glass .
tom and mary told everyone that they were cold .
i didn 't look at tom .
the <unk> have been beaten down by the rain .
i really appreciated your help yesterday afternoon .
tom and mary said they thought john was in his room sleeping .
mary left her umbrella in my car .
tom knows he is supposed to do that tomorrow .
you 're quite right .
do you really want that house ?
during our stay in nice , i plan to go swimming in the sea .
sami ran for home .
each day has enough trouble of its own .
it looks like it might rain , so don 't forget your umbrella .
i want to see the house where tom grew up .
they said that they could come get it .
i am a writer rather than a teacher .
it was already dark when tom got home .
who did tom and mary do that for ?
did you kiss tom goodbye ?
he took his seat .
in <unk> to english , he can speak french .
get down on the dance floor .
tom has a heart of gold .
a third of the earth 's surface is desert .
who would better his state should look to his <unk> .
tom took a closer look at the picture .
what do you plan to do tomorrow after school ?
i got involved with people i never should 've gotten involved with .
i cannot get angry with <unk> . she 's my only sister .
that 's a good excuse .
tom doesn 't have an office .
tom doesn 't want us to go to the police .
come what may , you should go your own way .
he swore that if he ever found the <unk> , he would kill the person right away on whom he found it .
tom works at the corner store .
those men are soldiers .
neither the sun nor death can be looked in the face .
i don 't know what i experienced .
you should let tom know you 're moving to boston .
i don 't want to get into the water until the <unk> goes on duty .
you are certain to be moved deeply by the movie .
do you have anything to write with in there ?
tom isn 't the one who gave mary a black eye .
hurry up , or you will miss the train .
i 'm seeing him again tonight .
tom is quite busy .
i 've already called for a <unk> truck .
he isn 't as weak as he used to be .
i saw her enter the room .
i shouldn 't have yelled at him .
if you want to somebody to help you , go ask tom .
tom would like some coffee .
sami refused to accept the <unk> of the court .
i promise i won 't wake you up when i get home .
everything is fine so far .
perhaps i haven 't made myself clear .
my grandparents live in boston .
tom and mary said they 've done that only three times .
tom isn 't the one who gave me the painting that 's hanging above my <unk> .
how about a song ?
i bought an old farm .
i came back at 2 : 30 .
tom came home later than usual yesterday .
each morning we are born again . what we do today is what matters most .
i don 't believe him at all .
please give me help in taking this down .
she does look lonely , doesn 't she ?
you know that i don 't need to do that , don 't you ?
tom gave mary a kiss on the <unk> .
we 'll have a french test next monday .
one ring to rule them all .
open up ! i know you 're in there !
we went to boston to visit tom .
this is the picture i took in his house .
please turn off your engine .
tom said he thought mary might not have to do that this week .
i wanted you the moment i saw you .
tom said he thought mary might need to do that today .
it 's laundry day .
tom walked towards mary .
can i see the report ?
she had never seen new york before , so i offered to show her around .
when your sister was your age , she was already married .
tom wasn 't the driver of the car that crashed into the supermarket on park street .
i not only gave him some advice , i also gave him a <unk> .
he 's not ashamed to blow his own <unk> .
tom and mary want to speak to you .
when you shake hands with somebody , you must look him in the eye .
what makes you think you can do it now ?
if you have finished , return it to me .
you have a big nose .
i <unk> don 't understand what 's going on .
when was the last time you <unk> a cow ?
i have bad news for tom .
what do you think the audience wants ?
we don 't have enough money now , unfortunately .
if you really want a challenge , you should try <unk> .
i saw a rough <unk> at the train station .
poor cat ! she can 't catch the <unk> mouse .
do you want to come shopping with me ?
we went about in the woods .
i 'm going to wait until tom and mary get here .
who is he to tell me what to do ?
i wonder whether tom has a rope <unk> or not .
tom and mary said they didn 't really know what to do .
you 've already tried doing that , haven 't you ?
i know about the job offer .
the man you see over there is a famous writer .
did you know that tom and mary have three children ?
tom has a secret that he 's never told to anyone .
isn 't he the graduate student of the university of rome ?
did you not question what it was for ?
she said she might do that .
i am calling my father .
tom and mary said they thought i might want to do that .
i see no point in <unk> this conversation .
i 'm still in australia .
you 're going to be late for school again .
tom is cleaning out his closet .
i 'm still embarrassed .
he hasn 't done that again , has he ?
how can <unk> be real if our eyes aren 't real ?
she was reluctant to go by herself .
it is impossible for children to read through the novel at a sitting .
tom probably couldn 't do that by himself .
what do they call this girl ?
i was in a better mood three hours ago .
if there are too many <unk> in the fire in too short a time , good <unk> cannot result .
tom left everything to chance .
i was quiet .
tom isn 't a member , is he ?
hold your horses . you 're crossing the line here !
he made up a story about the dog .
i should 've done that the way tom told me to .
did tom and mary say where they did that ?
tom said that he had to tell someone about his problems .
i admitted that i didn 't know how to do that .
i think i know a way out of here .
leave it as it is , or you will be <unk> .
layla started considering divorce .
how could i have forgotten that ?
we 'll meet in the theater .
the wallet is in the bag .
mary told tom she didn 't plan to go with him .
if i drop out of contact , let the police know , ok ?
i 'll never forget that night .
sami and layla didn 't <unk> get a divorce .
i did it your way .
i didn 't say anything to her .
both of tom 's brothers are older than he is .
tom fell out of the lift chair .
you can make a difference .
tom said that he thought mary wasn 't here .
you can 't do everything .
tom and mary informed me of their decision .
tom sat down next to his brother .
he says he 's feeling ok .
he 's not a team player .
they might still change their minds .
which do you like better , apples or oranges ?
i am determined to make a living as a <unk> .
tom didn 't know that i was supposed to do that today .
we 'll let you know what we find .
tom says he wants to give mary the chance to do that .
aren 't you going to help us clean out the garage ?
i worry about your health .
what did tom do that for ?
tom should have been able to do that without your help .
no one lives in this house anymore .
how many letters are there in the english <unk> ?
i think that tom has already done what he needed to do .
it looks like you 've lost a little weight .
how did you know tom would refuse to do that ?
how 's everything at work ?
she said she 'd take care of it .
i think you 're nice .
tom didn 't need me to do that .
" well , it 's hot again today , isn 't it ? " " that 's one more time you 've started with a <unk> topic . "
i don 't think that i should be here today .
" maybe it 's better not to tell tom anything about today . " " i think so too . "
there was fear in her eyes .
tom and mary say they don 't believe john would really want to do that .
tom said he thought that i was the right person for the job .
please make sure tom and mary do that .
she seems to be a good cook .
they say that they won 't need to do that .
no one <unk> against liberty ; at most they may fight against the liberty of others .
the lesson will begin .
welcome to the club .
they told me that they were doing fine .
tom said mary knew john might not be required to do that .
did he not laugh then ?
would i be fired if i did that ?
he proposed to miss <unk> and she accepted .
tom put his arm around mary 's <unk> .
he fought back his tears .
i think that tom was afraid that he might hurt mary 's feelings .
he must be buying them abroad .
tom is full of confidence again .
mary is at her desk working , isn 't she ?
when are we going to eat ?
how does it feel ?
we eat so as to live .
tom 's parents let tom stay out late at night .
it 's better to give than to receive .
tom stayed longer than was necessary .
she says she has everything she needs .
tom was clearly not interested in what the <unk> was saying .
he said he hopes you 'll help him .
sami didn 't text layla anymore .
i think that tom doesn 't want to do that right now .
sami still hates layla .
what did tom say this is ?
is my account in good standing ?
i won 't speak to you until you apologize .
the black cat runs fast .
he 's really honest . it 's all right if i trust him .
sami and layla will end up in hell , too .
i 've got a surprise for you in this package .
that <unk> spoke japanese as if it were his native language .
my friends dropped by to see me the other day .
has he come ?
tom is taking a look at it .
so , if i were gay , would it be a crime ?
they like to go fishing by themselves .
they say they 'll never do it again .
he thinks of nothing but himself .
you may as well start at once .
i was surprised tom didn 't have to do what everybody else had to do .
tom invited us to his birthday party .
tom said he knew mary 's children .
tom should have been fired last october .
the two of us don 't belong here .
it is difficult to understand why you want to go .
tom wasn 't able to impress mary .
do you believe you can get there on your own ?
could you hear what tom said ?
sami not only <unk> her , but he left her pregnant .
you won 't find another deal like this one .
i don 't think that tom knows how much time that 's going to take .
sami turned around the street .
what 's that thing over there ?
tom and mary say they 'll never come back here .
we lost sight of the <unk> right away .
i hope that that 's not true .
i did not actually need to rest at all , but nor did i wish to continue my <unk> right away , for i had become <unk> by great <unk> .
i 'm trying to remember the name of the book .
i thought i 'd never be happy again .
i would do anything for them .
take off your boots now and go to bed .
it cost less than fifteen dollars .
i know that tom is a very good driver .
tom hasn 't taught french in years .
everybody knows you 're lying .
tom started to eat .
she is a member of the basketball club .
he told me that he wasn 't afraid .
i know that tom didn 't know he shouldn 't do that here .
i didn 't know tom would be lonely .
what does the majority think ?
as <unk> is to the body , so laughter is to the soul .
she hasn 't told me who helped her .
please allow me .
i want you to understand what i 'm trying to say .
tom said that he didn 't sleep well last night .
you don 't speak french , do you ?
tom is a new hire .
i hope that tom gets the chance .
i don 't think tom knows where mary used to live .
mary is weak , isn 't she ?
tom will try to do that sometime today .
i ate a turkey sandwich .
no one 's going to hurt you .
i 'm going to be here all year .
how big is this town ?
the mouse ran and the cat ran after him .
can i ask you another question ?
tom is going to be going home soon .
tom could 've done that yesterday .
there can 't be a direct war between israel and <unk> .
he didn 't want anybody to see him .
they weren 't sure they liked the plan .
tom told mary that he thought john was bored .
i am surprised to learn this .
you slept on the train .
i don 't want to be the bad guy anymore .
i saw her talking to someone .
tom thinks he has to help mary .
tom was too upset to talk about what had happened .
try harder to find the answer ; there must be one .
i didn 't wake tom up this morning like i was supposed to .
tom told mary that it was 2 : 30 .
because there is a forest nearby , mary has a bush fire plan .
he <unk> his future on this single chance .
let 's check why your answers <unk> from mine .
tom watched a <unk> with his children after dinner .
i let tom kiss me .
now get out .
i often heard her sing that song .
tom is depressed because his wife has left him .
are you wealthy yet ?
telling you now would ruin the surprise .
boys and girls play in the garden .
i 've decided not to sell my motorcycle .
i think tom and mary are still sick .
tom said he 's scared .
i should discuss it with my father .
you mean nothing at all to us .
i don 't understand french at all .
i won 't follow you .
tom will do that the way you told him to .
i think tom and mary are still motivated to do that .
do you have any idea where your birth <unk> is ?
tom will try to persuade mary not to leave .
i should be back here by 2 : 30 .
the reason soon became obvious .
this is the job tom <unk> us for .
i like wine .
sami went in the house .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was absent .
he opened the bottle .
that wouldn 't have happened here .
i want you to dance .
i need to make an urgent call . is there a public phone near here ?
tom might be finished doing that by 2 : 30 .
how are you feeling ?
i 'm sure tom wouldn 't be reluctant to do that .
" are you a teacher ? " " yes , that 's right . "
are you seriously asking me to give that to you ?
are you a model or an actor ?
have you ever had a <unk> in summer ?
it 'll rain soon .
i wouldn 't bank on it if i were you .
why does he feel that way ?
they held their hands over their ears .
i didn 't know what we were doing wasn 't legal .
did you like my picture ?
tom , mary , john and alice all know .
tom might be able to convince mary to help us .
i don 't want tom to be disappointed .
wouldn 't it be fun to visit boston together ?
they seemed perfectly happy .
there 's no way tom will win the race .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was <unk> .
sami and layla both had their own <unk> rooms .
give tom these cookies .
life is so much easier now than it used to be .
how often does you mother have you go to the supermarket to buy bread ?
mary wouldn 't let me help her .
tom said he 'd help mary , too .
it 's a little complicated to explain .
they told me that they did that wrong .
am i right in saying that , like me , you study spanish ?
tom had to work late .
tom was in good shape .
tom was impossible to ignore .
how could tom possibly have known what i was doing ?
he told me he was disappointed .
all you have to do is to push this button .
i hope tom is fast .
it 's a really complicated job .
tomorrow i am going shopping .
dan changed linda 's life .
tom knows that mary won 't tell john .
mary really wants to do that by herself .
how many sandwiches did you eat last week ?
tom believes it .
germany has two capital cities .
sami is being ridiculous .
i 'm a fan of your work .
i didn 't think tom and mary were interested in art .
i 'm looking for a small suitcase .
i knew that tom wouldn 't let mary go home early .
who would steal that stupid truck of yours ?
what can we offer to the guests ?
in the night , i once again had the same dream .
they let me do whatever i wanted .
the island is about two miles off the <unk> .
ask tom when he 'll come back .
tom doesn 't think mary will be careless .
they might get <unk> if they do that .
tom did not consider that he was responsible for his brother 's <unk> .
i forgot that you 're tom 's friend .
i thought you said that you were afraid to do that .
tom has to find some way to do that .
she was very busy .
you 're not getting any younger .
mary said she was doing just fine .
i didn 't think that we needed to worry .
tom got home just before it started to rain .
i know that tom is a <unk> of mary 's .
sami and layla were singing .
can you stay for a while ?
jackson accepted their advice .
you don 't want to know what i think .
i only have one dog .
we would like to buy a sofa .
i want to go hunting with tom .
he was late for his appointment .
you weren 't alone .
tom will need to walk home today .
they used weed <unk> for the rest of the day .
tom has the information you need .
money won 't bring you happiness .
tom is hoping you can do that with mary .
i 'd love a cup of coffee .
mary said she 'd rather do that tomorrow .
she is very particular about her food .
they still can 't find their keys .
<unk> from how the sky looks , we 're going to be in for some good weather .
i 'm interested in helping tom .
why are you helping me ?
that is why he was late for school .
tom took out his driver 's license and handed it to the police officer .
i doubt that .
i don 't want you to tell her .
tom and i were very good friends when we were in <unk> school .
have you discussed it with her ?
where 's the guy who beat them ?
i didn 't know tom knew who was going to do that for us .
they 've lost their touch .
she came here to ask us to help her .
i know tom knew you should 've done that by yourself .
we all loved him .
tom said he was done for the day .
ken sat next to me .
will he make it in time ?
i didn 't think that i 'd have much fun doing that .
get me a beer .
he works in the car industry .
mary put her head on tom 's shoulder and began to cry .
where is this guy going ?
tom and i could 've saved ourselves a lot of time by just doing that ourselves .
i think you know tom already .
you 're supposed to be in bed , aren 't you ?
let 's go get <unk> like we did last weekend .
it 's a pleasure to have you with us again .
i couldn 't tell what it was .
that 's all i had to say .
tom said he thought that mary would probably be able to do that .
i know that tom knows why i 'm scared to do that .
i 'm not sure that tom would let me drive .
i talked him out of the idea .
why does it matter what happens ?
you should have your son independent of you .
my father is going to go abroad next week .
i can explain it to you if you let me .
we still don 't know the truth .
at a <unk> party , one frequently finds a wet blanket sitting next to the life of the party .
tom has got to make some decisions .
i think that i understand how you 're feeling .
sami 's mom was at work .
i 'll be in boston next week .
sami was able to escape .
i think that 's not the <unk> way to do that .
you may take either of the two books .
i thought you wouldn 't want to do that with me .
mary said she knows the rules .
the boys do not sit on <unk> in the garden , but lie on the soft grass .
a lot of children gathered in the garden .
i must speak with tom .
he said that he had left his purse at home and asked me if i could lend him <unk> yen .
<unk> , tom is a different person now .
tom asked mary on a date .
yesterday , i read a really interesting story .
i wonder whether tom is really jealous .
she plays the guitar , he plays the piano .
would you mind turning down the radio ?
i like summer best because i can swim .
i was a fool to trust them .
our teacher said : " of course you can " .
the boy slept eight hours .
i don 't have a lot of <unk> .
mary lied to tom when she told him she had done that already .
i think tom and mary are the only ones who don 't know how to do that .
sami is my complete opposite .
the french president is <unk> to visit japan next month .
tom said that mary knew john might have to do that again today .
tom has agreed to <unk> our children next monday .
what kinds of things are you not good at doing ?
tom is looking for somebody to teach french to his kids .
tom hasn 't done anything he shouldn 't have .
sami 's doctor is crazy .
i stay with tom whenever his parents are out of town .
all we know i am not sick and <unk> .
tom was going to give me that .
they told me that they were angry .
i heard tom committed suicide .
he <unk> in the drawer for the key .
tom and mary looked like they were ready to leave .
i promised tom and mary that i 'd wait for them .
tom said that he thought mary would be suspicious .
the house is painted white .
they said that they wouldn 't try to do that .
i never listen to them anyway .
i have a new camera i want you to see .
sami was ready to turn on anyone .
tom is usually a little bit more careful than mary is .
i don 't want to <unk> him off .
we are aware of the error and are working on a solution .
is tom right ?
mary has no intention of doing what tom told her she has to do .
doing that is a waste of your time .
tom 's dream is to win a <unk> .
tom jumped out of the window .
tom could do that if he really wanted to .
they 're married now .
i 'm sure that this is a fresh water fish .
please come .
today was still tomorrow yesterday , but today will be yesterday tomorrow .
is the potato diet safe ?
with a little more patience , you could have succeeded .
you 're going to watch a movie .
i hope she will get well .
i don 't like any of these pictures .
i think we should wait a little longer .
sami is not convinced by that .
tom got curious .
his cousin , whose name i have forgotten , was a nurse .
excuse me for what i did .
tom said he 'd fly to boston .
i 'm enjoying it .
i was really happy tom could do that .
sami ran back inside .
now let us get down to a serious talk .
tom is going to try to convince mary to accept your offer .
he 's his socks on inside out .
it only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job .
i still have nothing to talk about .
tom asked me who was responsible for the accident .
you betrayed me . why ?
many people are upset .
i thought tom wouldn 't know the answers .
they need to be more careful .
the new international airport really put <unk> on the map .
they lent me their car .
don 't you want us to help tom ?
tom took his hat off .
tom said that he was somewhat confused .
you 're our best pilot .
books became more available .
tom needs to be finished doing that by 2 : 30 .
he took the elevator with her .
i want her to look at me .
mary will get herself killed .
i drink at least two <unk> of water a day .
nobody knows tom like i know tom .
i know tom is a lot older than me .
i don 't think it 's very likely tom will know the answer .
that boy often <unk> our windows with a ball .
it was early spring , so there weren 't many customers .
tom said he 'd never steal anything again .
tom and mary are stubborn , aren 't they ?
i think that tom would like to know that you aren 't planning to do that .
please give me this one and this one .
they say they 're good at cooking .
many people came to the meeting yesterday .
would you like me to go with you ?
i don 't want tom to find out .
tom said that he <unk> for his safety .
we couldn 't have picked a better spot .
go ! everybody can start to go !
i asked tom to open the window .
i need some light .
you have the power to make me crazy .
aren 't the boys staying with you ?
i don 't need to be rich .
did you ask tom and mary if they could do that ?
there 's no way tom and mary did that on their own .
sweet ride ! when did you get this new car ?
nothing is similar to it .
that light is green .
we can deal with that .
mary told me that she was depressed .
sami was screaming and yelling and <unk> the wall .
i thought it only happened in movies .
that worked pretty well .
from here , i can 't see it .
there 's no way to convince him . he absolutely <unk> that the only way to solve the problem is his way .
tom said that mary will unlikely win .
i hated lying to tom .
mary looked like she was in a good mood .
sami was beaten enough .
the kids didn 't see anything .
how long does it take to get the airport from here ?
that may have been the last one .
i 'm sure you 're doing all you can .
tom seems tense .
tom gets paid very well .
if you could manage to go camping with us , we 'd be delighted .
i received a call from tom this afternoon .
i assume it 's not as easy as it sounds .
tom knows a lot about computers .
here , use my key .
he did that whenever he could .
i 'll get it right this time .
tom doesn 't cook on mondays .
tom left the water running .
i should 've followed tom 's advice .
sami did a rude thing .
tom should 've been careful .
layla can handle this .
there was a lot i didn 't know about tom .
tom seems to be having trouble speaking .
when to start is the main problem .
tom was strong .
tom said that mary was going to help us tomorrow .
is the pain usually this bad ?
we 're going to leave you alone .
sami didn 't show up for work that day .
you need to pay more attention .
she is always trying to please him .
this house has lots of windows .
tom said he 'd never let you drive .
what time did tom and mary say they were leaving in the morning ?
tom doesn 't travel as much as mary does .
tom is completely correct .
the baby is hungry .
why not tomorrow ?
the children 's room is a mess .
i know i can make it .
mary wished tom had told her that he wasn 't going to the party .
he married his daughter to a lawyer .
death is something that we 're often discouraged to talk about or even think about , but i 've realized that preparing for death is one of the most <unk> things you can do . thinking about death <unk> your life .
i wonder if tom really wants to dance .
in the end , she still had something to say .
where do you all live ?
everyone knows tom can 't win .
it has to be tom who tells mary she can 't go .
mary told tom that she didn 't think john was <unk> .
tom and mary may talk to whoever they want .
we wouldn 't have asked tom to come if we didn 't want him here .
tom and mary promised themselves they 'd never do that again .
her parents loved me .
tom and mary are pretty <unk> , aren 't they ?
i wanted to eat some cake .
i 'm not thirsty at the moment .
mr white is about my age .
tom and mary are careless , aren 't they ?
is tom still working for you ?
i suppose he will be back soon .
i think we 're going to eventually need to do that .
sami was pretending to be unconscious .
i 'm older than you think i am .
tom doesn 't really believe that , does he ?
sami and layla left the <unk> 's office together .
the police suspected that tom was a drug <unk> .
i have to take my son to the doctor .
i came to australia three years ago and have been living here ever since .
they said they want to win .
he 's so perfect .
i found something that i think you might want to read .
i didn 't tell mary why i didn 't like her .
it 's almost time to go home .
tom must 've finished it by now .
i should have told tom no .
we love bob more than tom .
you took a day off .
tom said he expected mary to be there .
that was a joke .
there 's a cake inside the box .
i came by to water tom 's plants .
tom admitted he wasn 't actually the one who did that .
tom said that he loved mary .
talk of the devil and he 's sure to appear .
i know that wasn 't how i was supposed to do that .
tom and mary said they thought i might not want to do that .
i think tom is popular .
i need a place to stay for a couple of days .
you look scared .
i agreed to ask tom to do that .
your father is japanese .
tom expects me to help mary clean out the <unk> pipe .
i 'll let you know on monday .
the boy made vain efforts to reach the <unk> .
they said they want to be a lawyer .
that 's something that doesn 't happen a lot .
tom will probably not win again .
sami helped me a lot .
sami covered layla 's body with newspapers .
he made breakfast .
this could 've happened to anybody .
a woman is giving a book a quick <unk> .
sami would do that all the time .
i never had a chance to do that .
what did you do with your summer vacation ?
they say they 'll be busy tonight .
i know tom wouldn 't agree to do that .
am i supposed to know you ?
i want her to do it alone .
i should probably help tom and mary do that .
i didn 't think you were going to be able to do that by yourself .
i wasn 't permitted to see them .
there 's nowhere to sit down .
i want to talk to your mother .
yes , i think you ought to go .
it won 't hurt to wait a while longer .
tom is wearing a tie , isn 't he ?
mary said she couldn 't leave without saying goodbye to tom .
everything was held up .
i want you to know i plan to be there .
what is this girl 's name ?
tom said that it 's a positive step .
we <unk> 't make too much of this incident .
you look nice in that dress .
tom told me he was lost .
it was very cold , and then before long , on top of that , it began to rain .
did you enjoy the movie you saw last night ?
his secret life came to light at last .
that 's a wonderful idea .
don 't swear .
layla was going out with a new guy she liked .
tom is going to have fun , isn 't he ?
tom could have refused to do that .
sami was lucky to have two <unk> teachers .
i didn 't even have time to paint !
tom soon realized that he wasn 't going to be able to do that .
he was serious , wasn 't he ?
you 're young . you have your whole life ahead of you .
we have carried on a <unk> for years .
tom said he assumed mary would do that .
it 's not the same thing .
the dog seems to be getting better .
tom said that he wanted mary to stay .
i can 't find what i 'm looking for .
don 't let this <unk> fall into enemy hands .
you were like a brother to me .
i didn 't know that tom and mary went to australia together .
i know tom is frightened .
language is the means by which people <unk> with others .
tom said mary was likely to be bored .
it made her sad .
i can 't deal with this anymore .
i know what it 's all about .
hurry up ! if you don 't , we 'll be late .
sami was getting yelled at .
please speak slowly .
this is my bag .
mary knew that she was unlikely to be elected .
tom asked a few good questions .
mary says she 's canadian .
i promise not to tell .
tom should seriously consider not doing that anymore .
i didn 't know that you guys were friends .
sami just doesn 't know who he can trust .
do we have to have our cat <unk> ?
tom told us to make sure we got there on time .
i 'm not going to tell tom what needs to be done .
you 'll be busy .
she had to go by herself .
tom wants to try something different .
tom said he knew that mary might not need to do that .
can we go somewhere and talk ?
i usually swim with my younger brother .
tom told me that he felt fine .
the train is leaving soon .
as a father he must pay for his daughter 's education .
i 'll take tom to mary .
i was mistaken in thinking that he was a <unk> man .
<unk> how you look at it , he 's your big brother .
i 'm furious with you .
i 'll remember that .
he paid no attention to her .
this is my home .
tom wasn 't the first one in our class to find a job .
you 've got a fat chance of <unk> your mother to lend you that much money .
i don 't think that tom is confident .
i don 't think that you realize what you 've done .
tom and mary were both at the meeting .
tom isn 't a nice person .
i hope you don 't drink too much .
the school was closed due to the snow .
i am looking for a cream color long <unk> shirt .
maybe tom and mary need to do that , too .
tom said that he wasn 't retired .
i 'll take both this one and that one .
the shop is closed at nine every evening .
could you please ask tom if he 's planning to help us ?
we 're not the only ones who 'll be there .
believe it or not , there are people who like these stuff .
i 'm glad that i had a chance to do that .
is there anything you want us to send you from home ?
tom and mary say they like it .
i spoke to him .
he wants to start his own business .
i want to know what this is all about .
it 's just across the street from the church .
tom and mary say that they never lock their door .
tell them that .
<unk> was at a loss for what to say next .
mike ran very fast yesterday .
tom loves swimming .
how many <unk> do you know how to play ?
tom is getting used to the way things are here .
tomorrow 's my birthday .
if i had the time , i would visit you with pleasure .
let me take you to the hospital .
he couldn 't buy what he needed .
sami was very , very nice to me .
i know that tom knew why mary had to do that .
the only students who pass are the ones who work .
she stared him in the face .
tom spends less time studying french than i do .
tom knows a lot about many things .
i 'm sorry , i 'll pay you back in kind .
kate is crazy about a new singer who often appears on tv .
are you going to tell tom and mary what they have to do or would you rather i told them ?
the leaves will soon begin to fall .
drink your milk !
are you sure that you can find your way home ?
did you really bring everything we 'll need for the trip ?
tom put down the book he was reading .
i don 't think that it 's fair at all .
we can 't save everybody .
sami knows layla can 't hear him .
she isn 't like the others , is she ?
there 's a reason all this is happening .
there are a lot of unhappy people in the world .
is he back already ?
they 're not going to catch us .
tom is a good tennis player , but he doesn 't play very often .
have we done something wrong ?
i think tom means just what he said .
tom has got money to burn .
i thought i 'd buy one of these for tom .
i really want to move to <unk> , but it 's more important i improve my <unk> first .
tom has been waiting for this to happen .
sami will never see his home again .
my mother went to the department store to do some shopping .
i was lucky i was able to do that .
are tom and mary there yet ?
we need all of them .
one is new , and the other is old .
she has the beauty of a greek <unk> .
i hoped tom could do that .
i really should be doing that right now .
i 'm not the least bit interested in <unk> games .
aren 't you happy with your new car ?
sami committed suicide after finding layla in bed with another man .
tom and i are divorced .
tom has been telling me about it .
i have eyes .
he was amused by what he saw .
they forgot to do their homework .
she took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall .
this kind of snow isn 't that unusual in this area .
they don 't make much sense .
i wanted to go swimming with tom .
tom and mary are spending the weekend on john 's <unk> .
how much longer will it be until we get there ?
tom woke up 8 hours later .
the sofa takes up too much room .
tom said that mary shouldn 't have done that by herself .
i came near to being run over by the truck .
the number of mistakes is ten at most .
tom doesn 't have a <unk> , does he ?
they look like they 're discouraged .
sami was making all <unk> of new rules .
sami is hanging out on a <unk> in egypt .
do you mind if i turn on the tv ?
some of the people who work with tom are canadians .
i think i can explain what happened .
i don 't really enjoy studying french .
you 've been missed .
where do you want to hang this picture ?
do you know whether or not tom and mary plan to go to boston next weekend ?
tom is likely to arrive soon .
she fell down and broke her left leg .
keep the window closed .
i don 't think mary did what you say she did .
tom and mary admitted they didn 't want to do that .
you guys have to leave now .
i haven 't been able to sleep very well lately .
i used to play alone when i was a child .
i waited for her for a really long time .
he works with his hands .
tom was the only one who laughed .
i love old buildings .
is it a bird ?
tom should have told mary not to go to boston with john .
i didn 't know that tom 's car was stolen .
tom said that he 'll be the last one to do that .
do tom and mary know you 'd like to go to boston with them ?
they make toys at this factory .
i think that tom will be fine .
i think tom and mary are both confused .
i won 't come late again .
tom wasn 't with me at that time .
i didn 't think that anybody really thought tom was busy .
sami 's father is not going to make it to the new year .
mary wondered why tom didn 't like her .
i am very pleased to hear the news .
tom told me that he thought that mary was talented .
sami and layla were downstairs .
" we 'd like a beer . " " just one beer ? "
i don 't think tom is sure .
they told me they felt bad about that .
that would take too long .
to tell the truth , i have lost your pen .
they can 't tie their own shoes yet .
tom and mary reported their car stolen .
it took me a long time to find a pair of shoes that fit .
don 't play in this room .
mary told me she was going to try to find another job .
tom said mary was happy .
to was probably tired when he got home .
i explained the accident to him .
i don 't think tom and mary have health insurance .
i want to return to that day .
she closed her eyes .
mt . <unk> is covered with snow in winter .
they showed me their photo album .
do you think tom is glad that that 's going to happen ?
the better quality of <unk> is more expensive .
i also don 't think tom really needs to do that .
i want to talk to you .
everybody get out . not you , sami .
there aren 't a lot of cookies left .
let 's wait . tom will be back soon .
tom is too much of a <unk> to go there by himself .
mary said she isn 't going to be here tomorrow .
while they were all <unk> themselves , a great <unk> came by ; it was painted white , and in it sat some one wrapped in a rough white <unk> , and wearing a white cap .
it seems that mr <unk> has passed the exam .
tom thinks he must die .
tom and mary said they haven 't yet decided what they 'll do .
your french is excellent .
a ring and some cash are missing .
i know tom has to do that .
don 't tell him i 'm here .
i can 't get anybody to tell me anything .
tom turned off the engine and shut off the <unk> .
she was late as a result of the heavy snow .
can you turn that down ?
tom soon left boston .
tom says he 's dying .
do you think tom might say no ?
we should be paying attention .
that was a bad decision .
you never know when you 'll need some extra money .
what do you think tom wants to eat ?
it 's really tough .
what can you tell us ?
i love the way you kiss me .
layla always knew where to look for sami .
he 's in military service .
i don 't know how to write songs .
<unk> is a boy . he is a good boy .
tom still needs more training .
she asked him to come over to her .
it really depends on when .
i admit tom is right .
why aren 't tom and mary here ?
i wrote a song about what happened here last year .
do you know him at all ?
i told tom to wait .
i 'm glad you were here .
they say you can judge people by the company they keep .
the island is to the south of japan .
do you know how many tourists come to boston every day ?
tom did that all himself .
tom is mad at you for being late .
i 'll get it back from him .
tom is <unk> by mary , isn 't he ?
you think i won 't be able to do that , don 't you ?
on the other hand , you want to come to <unk> for fun and to talk to me .
i 've heard quite enough .
the use of " oh " in english is quite complex .
tom has a bright future ahead of him .
nobody here tried to do that .
sami began playing out his <unk> with other women .
tom 's house was almost completely destroyed .
i know tom is a bright guy .
tom and mary are mad at john .
you shouldn 't have gone there without tom .
should i learn esperanto ?
you should tell tom he 's not likely to win .
i don 't know if there is a difference between the two <unk> . they are <unk> for me .
sami and layla were in love with being in love .
it finally happened .
i couldn 't get it done on time .
tom spent new year 's <unk> with his family .
just tell me the truth .
sami has the right to live .
tom will likely lose everything .
i know that tom and mary are <unk> .
is juice more expensive than coffee ?
your son is quite grown up now .
" i 'm so glad you got rid of him . " " me too . "
they <unk> the enemy as far as the river .
tom was too drunk to drive home , so he slept on mary 's couch .
tom isn 't very good at tennis .
i don 't know how that got there .
everybody is busy except me .
tom said that he wasn 't tempted to do that .
i haven 't spoken with <unk> for two weeks .
i don 't think that tom has anybody to help him .
i lent tom a book about australia .
that was an amazing feeling .
tom said mary was likely to still be mad .
the baby turned out to be a girl after all .
no matter what may happen , i am always prepared for it .
i got cold , so i put on my coat .
i received a letter from my mother yesterday .
i think you like me .
i know that tom is a bus driver .
he never has a pencil with him .
she isn 't as <unk> as she used to be .
tom said he knew he 'd be able to do that .
tom seemed to be quite pleased with himself .
where 's your son ?
i 'll come with them .
that 's certainly possible .
we need to speak to her .
tom left the company after 30 years .
tom told me he wasn 't planning on staying very long .
if you understand , please raise your hand .
i think tom and mary have been to boston at least once .
did you tell tom i 'm here ?
sami said something around those lines .
i 'm <unk> that this is your father .
there 's nobody home .
tom and mary think that they 're in big trouble .
tom and mary are both really <unk> , aren 't they ?
don 't you know what 's going on ?
mary admitted she was lazy .
this is the <unk> thing i 've ever done .
tom and mary were pretty good friends .
we don 't have enough time to burn all these documents before the police arrive .
tom and mary deny they paid <unk> money .
i hate it when you fight .
i know tom didn 't know why i needed to do that .
will it do me any good to try to persuade him now ?
she advised him to exercise .
i thought you said that you were planning on doing that .
i didn 't think tom would forget to tell mary to do that .
tom felt bad .
i know tom has finished doing that already .
i raised tom .
tom isn 't having much success .
i waited up .
i hope tom and mary aren 't crying .
where did tom buy that coat ?
you didn 't know i was able to do that , did you ?
tom admitted he didn 't do what we wanted him to do .
why would i do that for tom ?
i didn 't know tom and mary were going to be at the meeting .
sami shouldn 't say anything else .
the musician shook his head and pushed his little piano away .
please make a cross in the appropriate box .
what a beautiful woman she is !
i 've sent presents to tom and mary .
alice rushed into her room .
everybody is ready to go .
mary called to say she wouldn 't be back till tomorrow .
mary said she didn 't know tom couldn 't speak french very well .
i can do without your help either .
this is extremely hard for me .
" whose newspapers are these ? " " they are my father 's . "
tom asked me what the matter was .
i hate you so much .
sami has never felt this before .
they said that they paid income taxes .
i thought it would be easier to do that .
i thought i had until 2 : 30 .
oh , how kind you are !
young people usually have more energy than the old .
i 'm not comfortable working with tom .
mary is teaching herself to play the piano .
i 'll show you my room .
we 've got to go .
when will you return home ?
i want to know what happened to him .
tom likes chocolate very much .
is there a free spot ?
<unk> can set and rise again ; but when at once our <unk> light falls , one <unk> night must be slept by us .
tom thinks mary drinks like a fish .
i didn 't want to drive .
what did mary say when she called ?
it was quite easy for me to do that .
that boy 's hair is black .
is it <unk> out there ? look , it 's already starting to appear on the ground there !
i added your name to the list .
there 's a guard coming .
give me the big knife to cut the bread .
my gift is in the car . i 'll get it now .
i thought that you said you didn 't know how to do that .
this book is better than that one .
how much time are you going to stay in boston ?
i really thought tom would change his mind .
i think tom won 't be confused .
what makes you think tom and mary don 't need to do that ?
i suggest you put that in your report .
the worst part is , it wasn 't always like this .
nobody knew that tom and mary weren 't going to be here .
i think i 'm a good manager .
this island is six times bigger than <unk> .
who 'll do that ?
the plane needs to land so that it can <unk> .
tom said that he was told not do that .
i didn 't find any feeling in his speech .
don 't mess things up .
we spent too much for this .
where 's your shirt ?
no matter how often i tell her , she keeps making the same mistake .
she won 't do that today , will she ?
sami and layla <unk> weed and drank as usual .
i 'll talk with her .
i 've always dreamed of seeing the future .
she just told me she wasn 't at home .
tom <unk> a helping hand when everything seems to be going completely wrong .
tom didn 't know where mary went skiing .
mary can 't help move the piano because she has a bad back .
i didn 't know tom was going to ask mary to do that .
i know i can make a difference .
you may as well trust his story .
he returned to the army camp .
do you think it 's safe for me to go outside now ?
i don 't think it 's possible to do this without some help .
i didn 't only give him advice , but a bicycle as well .
tom isn 't strong , but mary is .
it 's too hot for me .
is it true that tom plans to stay in australia until october ?
this has been going on for years .
i tried to hug tom , but he pushed me away .
i haven 't actually done anything illegal .
does she still have a temperature ?
i think tom is still alone .
what 're we looking for ?
mary held on to tom for dear life when he took her for a <unk> on the back of his <unk> .
sami told the doctor about that .
she has something to hide .
prices have jumped .
the exact same thing happened to me .
mary did what she promised to do for us .
tom is writing a long letter .
there are many talented people in our city , but tom isn 't one of them .
mary said she found something under the couch .
don 't let them scare you .
why is tom glad that that 's going to happen ?
i know tom and mary are planning to do that together .
tom will be all right once he sleeps it off .
tom said that he thought mary was just about to do that .
someone should have been able to come up with a better <unk> than that .
tom told me last night he might retire .
we cannot stand quiet and watch people <unk> .
you could say that both <unk> have the same weight .
i know mary is more beautiful than i am .
tom should be exhausted .
maybe i should go help him .
he is after a job .
that 's quite a list .
tom gave mary a ride home after the party .
do you really wish to do that ?
i wonder whether tom asked mary to do that or not .
how could i go the heaven ?
i 've got to remember to return this money to him .
when he was a child , he lived in a small town .
just because tom said he didn 't have a key doesn 't mean it 's true .
i found something interesting in the town .
i have nothing to do with the <unk> .
i think i 've always loved mary .
tom thinks of mary as his best friend .
tom said he hadn 't intended to hurt mary .
tom didn 't have any presents to open .
i 've been dying to meet you .
i don 't think anybody has tried to do it that way before .
mary lives in her own world .
all the songs we 're singing tonight were written by tom .
mary realized there was nothing more she could do .
we may not go to australia this spring .
go with them .
dan set fire to the garage and stood there , watching it as it <unk> .
she knew she had nothing to lose .
i 'm painting my garage .
i don 't think that it 's such a bad idea .
i saw tom hide something .
sami wanted to get that fixed .
they make used cooking oil into <unk> at that factory .
do you do this often ?
i 've never been in tom 's house .
i don 't think they liked me .
all i want is to talk to tom .
tom sang three songs and then left the stage .
let her do the dirty work .
i come to boston twice a year .
tom and mary weren 't willing to do what we wanted them to do .
tom really likes swimming .
tom is not jealous .
nobody thought about that .
i am far from happy .
he 's on his own on this one .
my father fixed the broken chair .
it shouldn 't take us long .
i think you like your job .
tom told me he thought mary would be angry .
sami was <unk> six times in the neck .
i eventually located tom 's house .
tom didn 't hear what mary said .
tom and mary said that they wouldn 't wait for us .
tom gave mary a christmas present .
how long did you say you were in boston ?
tom thought that he was the only one who had to do that .
tom and mary said they knew john might not have to do that .
don 't you want to swim today ?
so , what does all of this mean ?
she didn 't advise him to do it .
we 've been better .
how many <unk> of socks do you have ?
you didn 't seem to be aware that tom needed to do that .
they didn 't obey their parents .
because the refrigerator door had remained open , much of the food <unk> .
he used to be a quiet man .
tom got paid more than he expected .
it happened three hours ago .
the man at the door wouldn 't tell me his name .
why did mary stop doing what she was doing ?
how did you know that i was going to be fired ?
i 've been feeling sick .
mary hardly ever <unk> when she plays tennis .
do you know who 's going to help us ?
i wonder whether or not tom knew mary wanted to do that .
tom is very likely to be injured if he isn 't more careful .
it looks like mary is really enjoying herself .
what 's your favorite piece of furniture ?
it happened completely by accident .
the path is direct .
i wanted tom to show mary how to do that .
i suspect that tom and mary are planning on eating together .
mary made her mother cry .
tom told mary that he thought john was angry .
i miss my little sister .
they claimed they weren 't paid .
mary 's daughter drew her a picture .
i was about to leave my house .
i 'll get another job .
could this get any worse ?
are you really going to do that by yourselves ?
dear god , people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you , such as your <unk> or your appearance .
mary didn 't tell tom she didn 't intend to do that .
sami was seeing a young girl named layla .
tom was never heard from again .
i am not a dog .
tom is never going to finish the job he started .
tom and mary borrowed money from family and friends to open a small <unk> .
i 'm afraid it 's going to rain tomorrow .
mary said she isn 't the least bit tired .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't let me do that .
tom has brought something for mary .
you did that already .
i used to support tom .
help tom study .
he was at a loss what to do .
he looked furious .
mary told me that she found her keys .
i must tell you that these beings were humans who were very intelligent and highly <unk> .
tom is probably a bit older than me .
i didn 't make it very far .
in the great square , the <unk> among the boys would often tie their <unk> to the country people 's <unk> , and go with them a good way .
i know tom doesn 't want to do that this morning .
tom said he thought that mary was good at speaking french .
i don 't think you need it .
that wasn 't part of the deal .
tom says it 's a risk worth taking .
the dog <unk> as if it understood what i 'd said .
tom and mary admitted they didn 't do what john asked them to do .
mary said she didn 't want me to tell tom what had happened .
it is necessary to lose weight .
i 'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay .
tom 's hurt .
i just want to get home safe and sound .
i wonder if tom and mary were at school today .
send them in , please .
we work every day but sunday .
she didn 't take her gloves off .
sami told layla he was going to be here .
i <unk> them the other day , but i was not able to get an answer .
he told me he was ready to do that .
how many people can you see ?
i got very bored .
the concert was incredible .
mary should tell tom what she needs to buy .
is doing that difficult ?
all i did was <unk> the truth a little .
i have always studied the <unk> languages , but i also hope to study a <unk> language . german , perhaps .
i believe in one thing that only a life lived for others is a life worth living .
you must not touch the paintings .
i happen to have it right here .
tom is leaving now .
he is not the sort of person who likes to listen to jazz .
tom said that he would never steal anything again .
sami is talking to someone online .
do you get much snow in the winter ?
i would say that i 'm healthy at the moment , but i don 't want to <unk> myself .
have you been living under a rock with <unk> walls ?
i was watching the red sun <unk> in the west .
tom has a nice income .
sami and layla went to a restaurant .
he picked up something white on the street .
it wasn 't easy to do .
i 've never had the opportunity .
tell tom i had to leave .
i didn 't think anybody would disagree with that statement .
tom is certainly above thirty .
tom is a very bad driver , isn 't he ?
tom pulled a gun on mary .
tom and mary have three daughters .
the problem is these shoes don 't fit very well .
mary says she 's been to boston .
it 's been three years since i last saw tom .
i told them you already knew .
where do you know him from ?
just wait a minute , please .
i don 't think that i can afford to buy the kind of car i want .
tom and mary say they 're not planning on doing that anymore .
are you trying to kill me ?
who 'll go with tom ?
they washed themselves in the river .
i wasn 't aware tom needed to do that .
aren 't you ready to start doing that ?
i 'm not going to try to stop you from doing that .
she 's clearly out of her mind .
i have to run next door .
you 're not very polite .
you weren 't the one who actually did that , were you ?
he said he doesn 't plan to go .
mary wanted to protect herself .
you 're like a dog that wants to please the master that <unk> it .
sami is farid 's former roommate .
sami 's arabic was a little bit broken .
i want to be treated with respect .
i know you won 't be in australia next year .
don 't let this <unk> you from trying it again .
they promised they would be there .
i think that fact is very important .
the pressure is on !
i think that it 's very unlikely that tom will go <unk> .
i know something isn 't right .
we were deeply moved by her story .
mary noticed that tom was staring at her .
can i do that today ?
i was in australia for three months .
tom thought mary was very funny .
stay with him in this room .
it 'll do no harm to drink a little <unk> .
sami is mine .
you need to start taking responsibility for your actions .
tom told me that he didn 't recognize mary the last time he saw her .
tom and mary are both a little busy .
you should 've seen this coming .
tom and mary walked their dogs every day .
by the time you get there , it will be nearly dark .
have you ever <unk> with this kind of a problem before ?
were tom and mary right ?
let 's get prepared for the lunch .
" mary , get your <unk> ass to bed , " said tom .
there was no chance tom was going to win that fight .
he didn 't order dinner yet .
i looked in the box .
mary said that she would wait .
tom and mary weren 't injured .
tom and mary ate lunch together .
everyone knows what tom is doing .
let 's finish this .
it didn 't take you very long to do that , did it ?
tom said that mary grew up in australia .
sami was behind the desk .
tom has already told me he doesn 't know how to do that .
i thank everybody who made this possible .
tom and i weren 't the only ones who survived .
it takes a brave politician to admit he 's wrong .
how did you know that tom didn 't have to do that ?
tom and mary are trying to do the right thing .
it 's a deep feeling , yes really .
i think that tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary what needed to be done .
tom tried to remember what mary had told him .
he did what he promised he 'd do .
i love sitting on the beach .
tom said he didn 't want to go to boston with mary .
he 's very polite .
tom stood watching .
he seldom eats with his family .
tom was very shy .
i think it was a stupid thing to do .
tom says that mary is happy .
tom wants to call his uncle , but he can 't seem to get a hold of him .
i had a family emergency .
we just didn 't do enough .
i can 't see what tom is looking at .
tom has given so much .
tom doesn 't seem convinced that mary wanted to do that .
my russian is terrible .
tom is usually here in the afternoon .
the apartment consists of three small rooms and a bath .
i wish i hadn 't said anything .
who ran away ?
they said they didn 't need a break .
tom said he sold his car for $ 300 .
tom painted the door green .
who has come ?
we don 't get many <unk> around here .
this is the book i want to buy .
things were never the same after that .
i 've moved out .
i plan to do the same thing you do .
tom told mary that he was <unk> what to do .
tom and mary are leaving in thirty minutes .
tom said he didn 't have anything he needed to do .
i can 't tell you how sad that makes me .
i know that tom knows i don 't often do that .
don 't you want me to keep it ?
tom can barely swim .
we could do with some rain .
it seems to be my lot to be an odd man out .
i know that tom will tell me the truth .
i wonder why tom doesn 't like to do that .
i 'll think of some other solution .
he went into his room .
do you want your coat back ?
you should come back more often .
her hat fell off her head .
tom said that mary wasn 't doing that .
tom and i might go camping together .
this book belongs to them .
tom does everything mary asks him to .
she got rid of a bad habit .
you have my respect , tom .
why do they want to talk to me ?
even if it rains , i 'll start .
i like helping people .
how did you persuade tom to do that ?
tom said that he wasn 't planning to buy anything .
i didn 't know tom knew who did that for him .
she knows that she shouldn 't be here .
do they just make this stuff up ?
mary said that she wasn 't ready .
i know that tom didn 't agree to do that .
do you have any idea what tom needs to do ?
i wish i could sing as well as you do .
tom told me he didn 't do that .
i neither smoke nor drink .
they 're working on their cars , aren 't they ?
what you have come to know , <unk> by exercise ; what you have not learned , seek to add to your knowledge ; for it is as <unk> to hear a <unk> saying and not <unk> it as to be offered a good gift by one 's friends and not accept it .
they had small boxes in their hands .
they offered tom a gift .
what 'll you give her ?
do you think tom will graduate this year ?
please dance with tom .
they all did well .
tom and mary speak many languages .
tom and mary missed their flight .
what 's in the truck ?
she tried to smile in vain .
sami wanted to steal layla 's car .
tom and mary told john why they enjoyed doing that .
when you 're enjoying yourself , the time seems to fly by .
i 'll stop doing that if you want me to .
it 's been three years since i 've seen tom .
mary says she can 't believe tom would really do that .
tom is turning thirteen .
is there something you don 't understand ?
i told tom we would help him .
tom is the brother of one of the <unk> .
tom told me he thought mary was <unk> .
what hotel are you staying at ?
we all just want to be loved .
tom isn 't the kind of person i thought he was .
tom lived in australia until he was thirty years old .
i think tom doesn 't like me all that much .
it is not easy to learn a foreign language .
i asked tom to drive me home .
tom showed mary what he had bought .
i want you to see this .
the temperature is currently ten degrees below <unk> .
i like telling stories for children .
they said that they weren 't surprised .
we came to the conference knowing this , but it seems that you did not .
sami and layla decided to raise a family in cairo .
how did you learn about what happened here yesterday afternoon ?
we live together now .
tom came here on his own .
i hope he 'll be able to come ! i 'd like to see him .
i thought you were a scientist .
i know that tom is a better cook than i am .
all the other issues are <unk> to this one .
tom was walking too fast for me catch up with him .
tom is walking up the stairs .
she said that she wanted to cry .
you have enough candy to last until next year .
i 'm in paris .
tom 's speech was so boring that several people in the audience fell asleep .
i thought tom and mary were broke .
" good morning . you 're late today , aren 't you ? " " yeah , i got a bit caught up . "
i 'm going to speak to her .
i wish it would stop raining before tomorrow .
tell me when to start .
that 's what we 're trying to do .
tom told me i should be finished doing that by next monday .
sami is not too good .
why do you need this information ?
they wanted to stay out of international <unk> .
mary doesn 't think she 'll cry .
i used those flowers to <unk> up the house .
where is our newspaper ?
that 's more than a sentence ; it 's a painting of words .
the teacher told me to study harder .
she 's recently lost her job .
i thought tom would apologize to mary , but he didn 't
he is young and ambitious .
tom is in heaven .
how would we get it done ?
they will have difficulty in <unk> their goal .
we didn 't tell you that .
tom often goes to boston .
i 've been told tom is still in boston .
i 'm flying to london for a business meeting this week .
i heard the phone ring .
tom said that he 'd help me do that if i wanted him to .
tom said i should have done that last month .
how did you know tom was coming here ?
she probably knows the answer .
nobody 's hungry .
i use it every day .
you 're on to something .
maybe you should tell them that .
they told her .
i can 't drive a car yet .
i ordered a pizza .
he is well able to pay the charge .
she admitted she was frightened .
he cut his finger with the knife .
i 'll do nothing of the sort .
do you have a secret that you 've never told anyone ?
i have a comfortable home .
did i marry the right person ?
everybody wanted to go to australia .
i thought i was going to die .
mary is going to wait , isn 't she ?
my phone was out of order .
i know that tom wouldn 't be afraid to do that if you did it with him .
you do not know anything about me .
the girl always looked happy , but she wasn 't at all happy .
here 's tom 's number .
tom and mary may get hurt if they do that .
i 'm glad you warned me before it was too late .
just take a number .
i haven 't called tom yet .
tom has decided that he isn 't going to do that anymore .
everybody made it to the wedding .
i don 't think i 've ever done anything that would cause my parents to want to <unk> me .
i didn 't take an umbrella with me .
i 'm glad to see you !
tom is playing with his dog .
the taxi is more expensive than the bus .
it looks very expensive .
fadil didn 't know anything about islam .
tom answered all of our questions in less than ten minutes .
i told mary she should learn how to swim .
we will have to take off our shoes before going in .
with great effort he climbed up the tree .
i don 't think tom is as smart as mary is .
tom and mary are still planning to go .
i can 't call the cops on him .
don 't try to do that by yourselves .
even though she is <unk> , she still depends on her parents .
they asked me when they should do that .
do you want to have children someday ?
tom said that he thought that mary would be impressed .
it 's almost time to leave .
why is your wife sad ?
tom can probably do that without our help .
tom doesn 't think i can do this .
i may be living in boston next year .
you killed him .
sami couldn 't get out of his neighborhood .
tom and mary looked like they were sick .
did tom hurt himself ?
you had gone to italy to see the king 's son .
tom and mary left their keys with me .
let 's not repeat the same mistakes we made before .
i reason that tom did that was because mary asked him to .
he did the best he could do .
i 've been helping her .
you 're the one who suggested that i do it that way .
i thought you said that you wanted me to buy that for you .
tom looked really confused .
is tom in a lot of trouble ?
i have to study for the test .
her cousin lives in europe .
help me , please .
i 'll take my father 's place .
i don 't think that tom needs to do that .
it 's saturday . you need not have <unk> me up .
i started last in the race .
tom could have left early if he 'd wanted to .
our plane took off at exactly twelve o 'clock .
the game will probably be called off .
you were never here when i needed you .
i 've often gone to boston on business .
it seems too good to be true .
you 're not <unk> tom didn 't do that , are you ?
sami knows who that is .
i 'm still not sure tom believes us .
i 'd never leave early .
tom didn 't tell anyone why they had to do that .
i actually thought tom was going to <unk> to death .
she 's got to sort it out herself .
this looks familiar .
i wake up late on sundays , and i wake up early from monday to saturday .
when we made fun of her , she <unk> .
tom didn 't stop talking .
you seem really happy this morning .
i didn 't pray .
tom and mary have <unk> their hair black .
we must do this without tom .
i thought that you said that you could play the piano .
she decided she will not continue her relationship with him .
tom and mary said they 'd be going by train .
i have noticed this too .
she said that she wasn 't sad .
no one could have stopped that .
how long 's tom been at your company ?
the woman is almost deaf .
she put on her shoes .
she chose a <unk> to wear with the dress .
the reason for my absence is that i was ill .
we might go to australia next month to visit tom .
is there gas inside the car ?
tom was my teacher .
i knew you 'd understand what i meant .
how can i stop him ?
tom and mary were very surprised .
something 's missing .
i cannot leave them completely alone in the shop .
tom may not even be in australia now .
i know why you wanted to do that .
i 'll go a step beyond that .
how do i get from the airport to the downtown <unk> hotel , for example ?
layla was living a very hard life .
he never told me he had a horse .
check again .
tom ate a piece of <unk> and drank a cup of coffee .
perhaps tom should 've left early .
i don 't think that tom ate anything at all .
tom didn 't seem to understand why mary didn 't want to do that .
the students found the final examination to be a <unk> .
i 'm the boss around here .
i 'm so glad you could make it .
tom sometimes helps me with my math homework .
layla couldn 't bear to be the other woman .
tom 's <unk> ends at 2 : 30 .
i suggest you go to australia .
try to understand .
they unlocked their office doors .
tom stepped aside to allow mary to pass .
i wouldn 't feel so bad about it .
tom kicked the door shut .
tom told me he thought you could do that .
i don 't think the house is as big as we hoped .
tom said he was sure that mary wouldn 't do that .
tom isn 't planning on going to australia with us .
is it too late to matter ?
i thought i was going to die last night .
you don 't sound so sure .
tom believed mary .
have you told everyone when the meeting will be ?
tom bought a new pair of shoes .
this <unk> is getting old . why don 't we <unk> to give it a fresh feel ?
we 'll use what we have .
i saw a boy crossing the street .
tom and mary did not want to wait .
tom said that mary wasn 't in good enough shape to do that .
" has tom lost his reason ? " " if there were what to lost ... "
i tried doing that yesterday .
i don 't want him to get angry .
have they found anything yet ?
everything will turn out fine .
i try not to think about it .
i am not the oldest one among us .
tom will give mary everything she needs .
why can 't you stay with us ?
who did tom think would be here ?
tom promised to help me , but he didn 't .
don 't you want to talk about what happened yesterday ?
someone has to tell them .
you 're not joking , are you ?
i haven 't seen tom do that before .
she was always different .
i didn 't want tom to know that i didn 't want to be there .
i told tom to do whatever he wants .
he came in and immediately sat down .
i 've never seen that before in my life .
i know that tom is short .
you said to give mary what she needs .
i can 't imagine what you 've gone through .
i 'm probably not the only one who didn 't have to do that .
tom said that he doesn 't have very much money on him .
i just want to find them .
<unk> water isn 't very popular in america .
i want to talk to you about him .
i wasn 't awake at that time .
how did he know where to find me ?
it seems like forever ago .
are you certain it was tom who showed mary how to do that ?
tom and mary told me to be gone by the time they got here .
i sat in the front .
i 'll pass .
sami started to get worried .
i still haven 't done my homework .
she gets up at seven .
the thief was <unk> by the stolen goods .
can i pay you tomorrow instead of today ?
i 'm not very interested in what tom is doing .
even though great men <unk> themselves with their great <unk> , they 're rarely the result of great planning , but more often of <unk> chance .
take care not to drop that glass .
layla had her hair up .
it goes without saying that autumn is the best season for taking long walks in the country .
i 'll get tom ready .
tom wasn 't on duty this afternoon .
the conversation went on until after midnight .
i am interested in chinese religion .
mom , thank you for giving birth to me .
horses are very sensitive animals .
the thief ran away .
sami is a security guard .
ask tom and mary if they have enough money to buy what they need .
it was probably stolen .
i had no choice but to go .
i 'm taking my book with me .
tom should have done that last week .
what is the best question to ask ?
everyone knows you love him .
if you were having a bad day , fadil made sure to turn your bad day into a great day .
show me how you did it .
we 'll lose everything .
i can 't do that to tom .
my house is beyond that bridge .
i know that tom would show me how to do that .
he 's doing it right .
tom said he thought mary ought to do that .
sami got ready .
sami made this video .
in the evening , they would go to the theater .
she kept dancing at the <unk> all night .
you 've only been here for three weeks .
tom said that he thought that wasn 't going to happen .
sami was reading the article .
it was more expensive than i expected it to be .
i knew tom was planning on telling mary to do that .
i 'll visit my uncle in boston this summer .
what 's the difference between these ?
you shouldn 't let them in .
tom hopes mary knows she has to do what john is asking her to do .
that was brave !
tom has apparently agreed to do that .
sami 's daughter is so cute .
i think you were better looking with long hair .
tom is probably not as busy as you think he is .
i ordered pizza by telephone .
tom is going to need a place to stay .
i guess everything 's back to normal .
mary said she didn 't know why tom needed to do that .
you are going to drive me crazy !
nobody studied my country .
tom said that he wished he 'd spent more money on the gift he 'd given mary .
i fear so .
i know tom knows mary is planning to do that .
tom was reasonable , but mary wasn 't .
she says she still does that a lot .
the pie that tom made was delicious .
i study english after dinner .
we 're so glad you came .
how excited are you about this opportunity ?
you 're so bad .
she knows she was wrong .
it sounds like tom might be interested .
the united states hoped to stay out of the war .
get out of my face , tom .
skin color , language , and religion are not <unk> of " race " .
did anyone tell tom and mary what time they were supposed to be here ?
i didn 't know tom lived in boston .
i forgot to buy tom a present .
water isn 't tom 's favorite drink .
i don 't think anybody has tried doing that before .
tom doesn 't know the difference between a star and a planet .
here 's the key to your room .
mary asked her friends if they thought tom liked her .
i asked her out and she said yes .
what makes you think that tom and mary have never been to boston ?
a number of people were drowned .
i wonder if i should warn them .
she said she wanted a picture of me .
i have a <unk> from eating too much chocolate .
she 's mad at everyone .
we haven 't been able to find anyone to replace tom .
they went through with many difficulties .
tom is quite friendly with mary .
i wasn 't arrested .
it 's possible that tom may not know mary is in the hospital .
i always sleep on the floor .
you 're not really planning on going , are you ?
is tom learning french ?
more than gold , lead changed the world , and , more than the lead in <unk> , that in the <unk> of <unk> boxes .
how safe is the factory where you work ?
i don 't plan to do the same thing tom plans to do .
i wonder if tom and mary are asleep .
i 'd better drive you home .
don 't worry . she knows what she 's doing .
how many months will it take to finish building this bridge ?
haven 't you been listening to anything i 've been saying ?
tom wants way too much money .
tom said that mary was likely to get back from boston on october 20th .
sami had a job interview .
tom can 't play the <unk> very well .
sami began to worry .
i suspect tom won 't help mary do that .
i didn 't think tom would be so <unk> .
i can no longer do that .
you know that isn 't true .
he 's not like us .
i 'm not here to hurt you .
sami lived in layla 's apartment complex .
i don 't know anything for sure .
they are a good couple .
please add more coffee .
tom probably doesn 't yet know who 's living in the house next to his .
i really like cookies <unk> ' cream ice cream .
tom took a bite of mary 's <unk> .
not a few students came to the concert last saturday .
i was unhappy .
sami 's friend is going to go to jail .
i 'd like it if this kind of thing didn 't keep happening all the time .
maybe you 'll come back to me ?
tom was john 's best man .
tom is going to be cut from the team .
she has no one to give her advice .
listen !
do you promise ?
i wonder what tom and mary want .
tom said he 's studying to be a doctor .
i told you so !
i don 't believe tom would do something like that .
we 're talking about her .
they played with their dogs .
tom said that mary yelled at him .
tom said he didn 't think he had enough time to do that today .
sami didn 't know that his best friend was dating his <unk> .
i think that tom and mary both have to be told not to do that .
the thing i 'm planning to do is study french .
at the end of every day , his back was tired and his legs hurt .
the <unk> was in china , where flat bread was probably not eaten .
tom died almost a year later .
can you give me a price <unk> for the work ?
listen , you can hear all the <unk> starting to <unk> outside . at first i found them annoying , but i 've gotten used to them now .
they said that they 'd be doing that soon .
we set out when the rain had <unk> .
we both thought you could do that .
tom is wearing a halloween <unk> of some sort , but i 'm not sure what he 's supposed to be .
tom still loves mary even though she doesn 't love him anymore .
tom has three sisters . one lives in boston and the other two live in chicago .
that is the picture that he painted .
count how much money you have left to see if we must go to the bank .
certainly , these things are true .
please teach me english .
tom and mary say that they won 't sing .
did you lose your train of thought ?
i looked at tom and smiled .
has tom written the letter yet ?
help yourselves . there 's plenty more in the kitchen .
that 's one level down .
please keep my place in this line .
i have been very busy lately .
sami 's service dog needs to pay attention to him and shouldn 't be <unk> by other people .
it was her fate to die young .
actually it was only a rumor .
i hope you 'll be happy forever .
tom has a brother who lives in australia .
i did my best to make friends with him .
do you think that i 'm handsome ?
so why not just say " if you think you 've done enough for tatoeba to become a trusted <unk> <unk> , write a message to a trusted <unk> <unk> or <unk> that speaks your languages and tell them . they will look over your work to check whether you 've understood the system or not . if you have , you 're in . " ?
i didn 't think tom would do that for me .
i find him very easy to talk to .
i 'd like to get started right away .
mary said she wanted to leave boston .
tom told me he 'd like to visit boston .
i didn 't know you were tom 's girlfriend .
this cheese is made from sheep 's milk .
another !
tom said mary was willing to do that .
tom thought that mary was funny .
tom invited mary to the party , didn 't he ?
i 'm very grateful for what you 've done .
tom sees mary every day .
mary is able to do that on her own .
he lost almost all the stamps he had <unk> .
the global scientific community has made clear that human <unk> is already changing the world s climate system .
we can 't leave them behind .
the girl hired by the shop to <unk> customers is quite cute and every time i go there i end up buying a lot of things .
the cake turned out quite well , even though she hadn 't stuck to the <unk> .
didn 't you bring anything ?
tom said that he wished he hadn 't gone there .
she told me that she 's intoxicated .
tom went to get a glass of water for mary .
i just happened to be there at that time .
i have longer legs than tom .
the money should be <unk> to those in need .
do you want me to do that with you ?
tom is a free man now .
tom isn 't buying bread .
and by force you would never take him .
i thought you 'd be interested in this .
you don 't want to talk about it at all , do you ?
i might be willing to do that for you .
tom wanted mary to stop eating so much <unk> food .
tom has decided to resign .
i thought it was them .
i think you 've been lucky .
they picked tom 's argument to pieces .
i 'll come back for them .
tom has been eating cake .
tom had a date with mary last friday .
even tom was impressed .
hey , don 't do that !
i didn 't manage to see who it was .
that 's why we need to fight .
the store closed down for good .
i 'm aware that tom did that .
tom is an honest boy , so he doesn 't tell lies .
tom was determined that his children receive a good education .
food prices have been going up .
i had to study french in high school .
tom is hiding in mary 's basement .
you didn 't know tom wasn 't going to do that , did you ?
mary is very pretty , isn 't she ?
it seems like tom and mary like doing that together .
the argument quickly got out of control .
tom wanted us to <unk> the murder of his wife .
i didn 't know tom needed to do that again .
she looked around the room .
tom is very busy nowadays .
when was the last time you <unk> your teeth ?
tom wanted to buy mary some flowers .
college is the time to enjoy yourself to the <unk> !
i think i 'll come here every monday from now on .
is there any chance that tom will be there tonight ?
you can save your life and your family lives by always preparing for <unk> .
sami didn 't really know .
i don 't know much about your family .
you 've dropped your wallet .
do you want to tell me who they are ?
you should be able to walk in a few days .
tom told everyone that he had to do that .
tom told mary that he thought she was <unk> .
layla was sami 's girlfriend and the mother of his daughter .
tom did a victory dance .
would you just shut up ?
tom hardly ever goes to australia anymore .
i thought you said you were determined to do that .
i 've always known this would happen eventually .
actually , it makes perfect sense .
i think that tom is going to like it here .
tom said he was happy to see you .
my car broke down .
my room is upstairs .
layla began a <unk> affair with her boss .
let me just do a quick <unk> search .
he came hoping to see you .
you have the right to the truth .
how does tom keep his cool ?
could you please put on the tea <unk> ?
i don 't think that i know the boy sitting over there .
i 'll call you a cab .
perhaps you 've made a mistake .
they said we could borrow their cars .
i 'd love to visit boston again .
how much is your operation going to cost ?
tom couldn 't have done anything to prevent the accident .
i 'm probably going to enjoy being here .
layla refused to explain herself .
we all took him to be a great <unk> .
i wonder if tom and mary are still scared .
i know tom doesn 't know why i had to do that by myself .
i want to eat some chocolate ice cream .
tom will ask mary to marry him .
you guys are wrong .
he arrived at the station out of breath .
my mother says she doesn 't find rock <unk> .
the tree <unk> under the weight of the fruit .
would you like to talk with mom ?
i just hope tom and mary are fine .
i 'll tell it to emily .
i can 't count on you .
tom said he thought that he could buy what mary wanted for about $ 300 .
" you can take him to the <unk> now , " he said . " there is nothing more to be learned . "
what is the man doing ?
mary said she thought tom might not have to do that anymore .
i come here every day .
tom and mary said that they weren 't conservative .
i can feel that something is wrong .
there 's a good chance that tom will ask mary to help him do that .
tom and mary wouldn 't change their minds .
tom gave me exactly what i wanted .
i want you to put out that cigarette .
tom has many things he has to do today .
i wonder if tom bought that house on park street he was looking at last week .
please send me the doctor 's bill .
tom said that he 's very sure mary should do that .
he is just passing the blame onto others .
mary said that she 'd never planned on living in boston for so long .
you 'll have the report on your desk first thing in the morning .
tom doesn 't know whether mary is a canadian or not .
i don 't know what tom and mary want me to buy .
tom appeared in court today .
he was buried alive .
i 'm sure mary didn 't know she was supposed to do that .
why does that not surprise me ?
i don 't love them .
tom got his wish .
tom quickly headed for the door .
what did you open it with ?
tom found out that mary was canadian .
tom might be able to tell us how to do that .
how could we hate them ?
we could not go there because of the rain .
tom had to share a bedroom with his brother when he was younger .
tom will never be released from prison .
you apparently didn 't need to do that .
he works every day save sundays .
there are certainly some points worth considering .
i 've packed my suitcases already .
sami was a student at the university of cairo .
what do you intend to do ?
you 're a very good french speaker .
i wouldn 't mind <unk> my legs a little .
tom told me not to open that door .
i had to make sure tom and mary were still planning to come .
when i don 't have my cell phone , i feel lonely .
tom seems to have left town in a hurry .
i 'm going to have a shower .
i thought that everybody here knew tom .
mary asked me to carry her suitcase .
tom and mary said they liked skiing .
i 'm not sure i agree with her .
i think that 's the reason why tom did that .
i haven 't finished my lunch .
mary says she hopes tom will do that for her .
i don 't think that tom would mind if you did that .
she says she needs more time .
looking for the first time for the possibility to find a sentence by its number , i was a bit confused . but soon i realized : i first have to <unk> on a single sentence , then i see the search bar on the <unk> right side of the <unk> .
i didn 't think you had all the facts .
tom was in college at that time .
how much weight have you lost ?
i don 't think that it 'll take very long to do that if you help me .
and they lived happy forever .
the <unk> of the sun hurts my eyes .
tom and mary changed the <unk> on their doors .
i called tom from the police station .
what is crime ?
tom lives in an old house .
can i pay you with a personal check ?
tom wanted to become a scientist .
he looks as though he wants to cry .
i promise you that i 'll be there on time .
have you and tom ever gone ice <unk> together ?
many people gathered under this <unk> of freedom .
i never feel the cold .
tom knocked several of mary 's teeth out .
<unk> is unusual because it <unk> in a direction opposite that of all of the other planets .
there are two kinds of work in the <unk> work and hand work ; mental and <unk> .
tom is the one who suggested leaving early .
the wall is white on the outside and green on the inside .
you will always be in my heart .
we went to boston to spend a couple of weeks with tom .
tom didn 't need to wait .
don 't go outside . it 's raining .
honor ! truly a very <unk> <unk> , which those who know how to pass it may lay out with great advantage .
" has the bell <unk> yet ? " " yes , it just rang . "
she kept her distance .
do you doubt me ?
my sister 's <unk> were coming out after being hit by a drunk driver .
tom told me that i didn 't tell you anything .
once you 've got into a bad habit , it can be difficult to get out of it .
tom sat on the floor surrounded by his children and <unk> .
mary says she never taught french .
tom asked his mother help him with his homework .
let 's build a castle in the sand .
i know tom is now married , has three kids , and lives in boston .
they aren 't going with you , are they ?
tom doesn 't think that doing that would be a good idea .
tom told me that he wants to win .
tom fixed my computer .
tom said that it was mary who told him that he was supposed to do that .
you need a ride ?
do you know what tom does in his free time ?
prepare for the worst .
where can we find them ?
i was absent from school because i had a cold .
i didn 't expect this to happen .
how involved are you in your child 's education ?
should i talk to tom ?
i got a new camera .
sami was afraid of what layla might do .
why are people going to the movies ?
are you crying too ?
i still don 't know how that happened .
i 've forgotten your name .
there 's the use of <unk> for certain words .
i haven 't done my homework yet .
tom realized he didn 't love mary anymore .
tom has been here three years .
how on earth can you do such a thing ?
tom let mary know that he was going to do that .
i began the book .
think of your family .
tom said that he would be at the meeting .
i haven 't read that book , but tom has .
tonight you 're gonna see why i <unk> that woman .
i have to get her out of here .
it 's been so long since i 've been here .
the book is full of lies .
he was in such a good mood when his team won the <unk> .
why would tom lie ?
i 'll meet you at the usual place .
they soon became friends .
why did he remain in germany ?
it 's quite difficult to master french in 2 or 3 years .
i think that tom and mary are both still homesick .
did you need me ?
tom had no idea what mary was thinking about doing .
the water <unk> is due to the weather .
to my great <unk> , she didn 't come .
this is my project .
we are using a new process to make butter .
the boy is tired .
hot garbage .
they allowed us to help them .
who makes the schedule ?
tom and mary said they 're glad you were able to do that when you were in boston .
sami doesn 't know what the next step is .
i won 't laugh .
sami was deeply <unk> and in need of help .
i 'll be here all day tomorrow .
they want to become rich .
must we wait for her here ?
tom and mary got married the week after they graduated from college .
we 're going to the theater .
i wonder why tom didn 't do what he said he was going to do .
tom was the one who <unk> the roses in our garden .
who told you where my office was ?
otherwise he had nothing to add .
i don 't think tom and mary have very many friends in boston .
tom is a father now .
he assumed full responsibility for it .
eating and drinking too much make doctors rich .
tom asked mary to lend him money .
you aren 't responsible for tom anymore .
the only language i can speak other than french is english .
i was late for school today .
tom took a drink from his glass .
tom did that better than we expected .
he complained to her about the food .
i have a daughter that goes to school with tom .
you don 't date , do you ?
mary says that 's where she put it .
i wonder if tom wanted to go to boston with us .
did you know you were going to be able to do that ?
i think tom and mary are both bored .
he takes his job very seriously .
i have a lot of regrets .
do you have anything you want me to wash ?
my sister doesn 't work in paris .
the short woman wears a gray suit .
i like to play chess , but i don 't do it very often .
tom was accused of <unk> law without a license .
boys , be ambitious .
none of tom 's friends knew where he lived .
it 's the truth , i swear .
tom is kidding , of course .
with great pleasure !
are you still here ? i thought you were already gone .
i remember tom asking for my help .
i wonder if tom jackson is his real name .
i know that tom won 't agree to let mary do that .
someone stole my car . it wasn 't where i parked it .
i wonder what tom will want to do .
why should i put the house in your name ? it 's my parents ' house .
i was surprised when tom told me why he did that .
tom and mary said they were comfortable .
mary didn 't tell tom what she had to buy .
may you both have a long and happy life together .
tom said that he wanted to know if you 're planning on going to boston with him next weekend .
do you really trust her ?
a young girl on <unk> asked tom where he lived .
i don 't think that tom will be glad that 's going to happen .
that shouldn 't even be a question .
we should wait a little longer , i think .
can you call me later ?
he told me that he was relieved .
aren 't you willing to help me paint my house ?
tom has been trying to do what can 't be done .
there is a glass <unk> in the garden .
" what 's that ? " " how am i supposed to know ? "
you heard correctly .
we 've been going out three months .
he told me that he 'd help .
tom wasn 't sure if he should do that or not .
let 's throw them out !
tom looked through the file .
sami is a bit older than layla .
it helps our economy .
they weren 't busy , were they ?
tom was afraid of failure .
i don 't think that i 'll have to do that by myself .
i think there was a piece of paper in the box .
sami knows how to win .
tom might be seriously ill .
she took him for all his money .
we know tom and mary will do whatever we tell them to do .
i hate this music .
if you do not change direction , you may end up where you are <unk> .
have you spoken with him yet ?
tom and mary said they thought it probably wouldn 't snow .
tom hasn 't yet moved out of his apartment .
if they don 't work , they don 't get paid .
" which line should i get in ? " " any line is fine . "
tom asked mary to work for him .
we 'll contact you if we have any further questions .
i don 't recommend doing that that way .
i 've seen you fight .
i figured i could trust you .
it was a strange sight .
sami was a cheating lover .
are you at home from work today ?
tom is always early and mary is always late .
i think tom and mary were both born in australia .
it looks like tom is busy .
tom and mary said they weren 't retired .
he cleaned out his bedroom closet .
sami played with layla a lot .
i thought you were having a good time .
there was no cat .
tom and i have to go there together .
tom can 't speak french .
tom 's not what he seems .
tom and i talk all the time .
i know that i have to do that while i 'm here in boston .
she showed her album to me .
just what 's going on here ?
nobody i know has to do that .
our company isn 't very big .
did you see what i saw ?
tom 's feet are really big .
i think that tom knows what 's at <unk> .
mary was hoping we 'd do that for her .
what is your address ?
she looked at me with rather more interest .
she said that she saw nothing .
please don 't ask again . i won 't tell you .
i 'm not interested in anything tom does .
get out of my room !
i 'm no good for you .
tom just stood there without saying a word .
i met him about noon .
it 's a long journey .
would it be ok with you if i didn 't do that ?
do you want me to tell you what tom did ?
the apartment building tom is living in was built three years ago .
where did she go last monday ?
you have a mail .
i never felt comfortable doing that .
sami lost his father .
i can 't leave due to the bad weather .
when did you buy this hat ?
tom said that it felt good to win .
they 'll remember .
will sami survive ?
it 's everything we could have hoped for .
sami didn 't know what layla was going to do .
tom does want this , doesn 't he ?
how many of us have actually done that ?
it 's hard to blame them .
i want to enjoy this moment .
if it was just a book the space police wouldn 't be <unk> their <unk> in . the problem is that it 's a <unk> of super technology .
you 're absolutely right !
tom hoped mary wouldn 't find out that he 'd spent time in prison .
tom was able to solve the problem by himself .
mary said she thought i looked like i was sleepy .
tom said mary had given him permission to leave early .
tom cleaned it up .
what do you want me to tell mary if she calls ?
he <unk> seven children by three different women .
humans aren 't meant to be alone .
i really loved him .
don 't do anything .
who do you usually go shopping with ?
to what degree can we trust him ?
tom said you told him to wait .
what good is that to you now ?
she says she isn 't giving up .
she said that she wasn 't guilty .
why are you so hard on him ?
two thousand people fit into this hall .
sami gave layla a piece of paper .
sami is going to tell this to layla .
the badly <unk> body of a young girl was found on the side of a <unk> .
where did you arrest them ?
i have done my homework in an hour .
mary is old enough to know that what she did was wrong .
sami had at his grandmother 's house .
we have french third period .
why do i need to go to boston ?
mary told tom she was hungry .
they were arguing about money .
they thought they had to speak french .
the company i work for isn 't doing so well this year .
i thought i would die of laughter .
it took tom every <unk> of courage he had to admit that he 'd done that .
tom said that he didn 't want to think about it .
the man was surprised at the news .
is it a present for mary ?
tom found an injured bird in the forest and <unk> it back to health .
mary wasn 't surprised who showed up to meet her .
sami has been missing for five days .
tom is better than we are .
i understand why tom wants to do that .
tom wasn 't convinced that mary wanted to do that .
why can 't you answer any of my questions ?
i assume that you asked tom to tell mary what the situation is .
the <unk> of his clothes always impressed me .
i know that tom was a <unk> child .
mary says she 's waiting for that to happen .
tom has already told mary that she needs to do that .
i want to help a lot of people .
i can 't picture you dancing .
tom asked mary to ask john why she needed to do that .
she is aggressive .
tom said that mary needed to do that as soon as she could .
i see that i am surrounded by <unk> faces .
i know why tom wouldn 't do that .
my love , i 've finished cooking the food .
the results of the <unk> will be announced at the appropriate time .
tom and mary told john to do that , didn 't they ?
how far away is the airport ?
where are the rest of the students ?
you may bring the tea now .
sami probably doesn 't know the full story .
tom might be harder to deal with in the future .
i didn 't think that tom would be too tired to do that .
i heard someone say tom was sick .
sami was pretending to be another person .
tom had just one word to cut so that out of this sentence , forever , disappeared our mary .
tom has been good , so he could stay longer if he wants to .
they said they were very excited .
that baby will have slept five hours by noon .
i don 't think that tom would care if i did that .
tom won 't be able to do that tomorrow .
is that an original painting ?
sami was considered a great teacher .
it was very difficult for you to <unk> .
if i were tom , i would have <unk> mary in the face .
have you been to boston ?
i 'm not able to do any other work .
tom and mary like to try a new cheese every week .
tom didn 't want to leave his children in boston .
you need to do that somewhere else .
i know a person whose name is <unk> , who helps me with my chinese language .
he was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime .
mary has a few more things to do before she can leave .
is this not true ?
how many times do you think you 've eaten here ?
tom jumped out of his car and ran away .
tell tom that when he 's finished , he can leave .
he said that he wasn 't thirty .
tom asked me what i expected .
sami spoke to his mom .
you 're about three years younger than i am , aren 't you ?
the people of this village live in <unk> with nature .
i want this jacket .
i 'd like you to wear this .
mary is busy now , isn 't she ?
i don 't think i should do that with tom .
the room charge is 100 dollars a night .
the cold didn 't seem to bother tom at all .
you 're watching tatoeba tv .
does tom cry a lot ?
tom said nobody was hurt .
i hurried to the station so as to be in time for the first train .
i was very tired , but i was <unk> unable to sleep .
please don 't walk so fast .
she reached up to kiss him .
can you catch a ball with one hand ?
she acted on her own .
i 'm glad that you will come .
<unk> three is the end of the beginning of the book . stop there and read the <unk> 's comments .
thank you for doing that for tom .
tom created a website for mary .
whom do you expect ?
mary said she wished she hadn 't suggested to tom that he do that .
tom was pessimistic , but mary wasn 't .
i now regret doing that .
why did she come here so early ?
the children were playing in the park .
i 've got to be careful .
tom said that he thought that mary probably wouldn 't do that .
far better is it to have a <unk> heart always , and suffer one 's share of <unk> , than to be ever <unk> what may happen .
i forgot to buy you a gift .
i often go for a swim in the river .
i 've already told tom how to do it .
did you complain about it ?
i don 't want to be a <unk> .
you have to spend more time with your son .
i 'm pretty sure tom wants to do that with us .
the little boy is being <unk> by his grandmother .
that thief stole a phone on the bus .
tom didn 't act quickly enough .
i spent the summer in boston .
i don 't recognize over half of these names .
tom and mary don 't look like they 're enjoying themselves .
she says she did that for the money .
doing that was quite difficult .
mary handed tom her key .
america isn 't a country , it 's a <unk> .
i think the guy standing next to mary is tom .
tom and mary said that they 'd call me right back .
that might have been true a long time ago , but it 's not true anymore .
don 't be lazy , use the <unk> you 've been taught .
everyone is asking me how is to be <unk> .
didn 't i lend you some money yesterday ?
the <unk> have done without electricity for a long time .
would you like to wait ?
we don 't have enough money to go to australia .
mary told tom that she didn 't think john was disappointed .
she said she ate too much .
he 's running .
in fact , you are quite right .
tom went to australia to look for mary .
tom and mary told me they were dying .
tom told me that i should resign .
tom said that mary wasn 't intoxicated .
i left home at seven .
i knew we should 've brought more food with us .
she found herself a seat .
i washed the dog .
he <unk> his agreement without looking at me .
there was not one child in the park yesterday .
i suspect tom is telling the truth .
tom read the contract in secret .
tom saw everything .
i felt their pain , and suffered with them .
i won 't be there tonight .
what was it tom wanted to see ?
tom said he thought that mary might need to do that with john .
i see what your problem is .
tom still seems to be asleep .
she came to see what i am doing .
i told tom why i didn 't have to do that .
do you wish me to repeat the question ?
i hope he is not the only one .
it 's not long till the winter holidays .
tom could hardly stand the pain .
tom and i became engaged three months ago .
i cut my foot on broken glass .
i 'll come see you tomorrow .
it 'll be difficult to do that by yourself .
tom spends too much time in front of the tv .
how much cheese should i buy ?
what you see above the water is just the tip of the <unk> .
i 've enjoyed a college a lot .
tom believed that mary was innocent .
i had trouble finding your house .
in america traffic keeps to the right .
tom 's not in any danger .
tom finished his meal .
she has great respect for her teacher .
i just do not like any kind of sports .
our well has run dry .
we had a lovely meal .
mary told me that she was surprised .
he will often go out for the whole day .
we must do more than yesterday .
the clouds hid the sun .
i want to watch this film .
layla was the most popular girl in school .
i used to dream about being a successful <unk> .
mary can 't keep her mouth shut .
sami got back to work .
tom didn 't seem to be aware of the problems .
he gave her her first kiss .
tom picked mary up at the station .
does tom look like he 's sleeping ?
you make me happy .
sami took his son to the doctor 's .
i didn 't want to miss the party .
this is where tom usually <unk> his car .
tom was such an odd boy .
she 's the manager .
what ? you still don 't know how to drive a car ?
layla should be put to death .
mike walked up to the boy .
nothing 's going to happen to tom .
tom said he asked mary not to eat the last orange .
come to my house .
he has not less than 100 dollars .
the man robbed me of my purse .
tom said that he 'd draw a map for mary if necessary .
tom is the one who gave mary that .
i wonder if tom really did that on october 20th .
i want him to apologize .
tom and mary are very careless , aren 't they ?
we listened to his lecture on the radio .
tom could be planning on doing that by himself .
tom wasn 't the only one who helped me .
mary said that she 'll try to do that .
she has got over her illness .
it was clear that tom didn 't know that we were the ones who had done that .
we 're not going to let tom go to boston with you .
you should 've told me that you wanted me to come alone .
everyone had their reasons .
i hope we don 't get into trouble .
it is dangerous to jump onto a moving train .
sami took part in his mother 's murder .
tom and mary don 't want to be famous .
tom was the one who taught mary how to drive .
mary said she hoped she won the race .
as far as i am concerned , i have no <unk> to the plan .
tom told me that he thought mary would be quiet .
i could really use a change in <unk> !
i didn 't think that tom could actually do that .
i discussed it with her .
tom has begun winning .
i don 't think that tom will like that .
tom is eating lunch right now .
i grabbed the cat by the neck .
just make sure you don 't forget to do that .
we want it back .
he left without telling us .
he 's strong enough to lift that .
if you don 't want to get married , it would be better if you didn 't get married .
i almost never work on monday .
mary looked like she was ready to leave .
where is his family ?
mary is hungry , too , isn 't she ?
i thought the little boy who was staring and <unk> at the <unk> was very rude .
the musician began to play the violin on the stage .
i told tom it wasn 't mine .
has tom been talking about me ?
tom isn 't exactly the <unk> type , is he ?
tom looked mad when mary said that .
i know now just how people feel who are being led to <unk> .
sami didn 't hear anything from layla .
tom gets along very well with his classmates .
it 's packed !
i didn 't give you permission to use my car .
tom and mary say they have to speak french .
i 'd hoped i 'd be able to go swimming today .
" give me your soul " , said the evil .
i won 't be able to do that either .
she was very surprised at his sudden <unk> attitude .
certainly they will go on holiday next month .
can you count to one hundred in french ?
is this a common practice ?
sami took my money .
tom seemed to be very concerned about that .
she is <unk> with a talent for music .
i 'm sure that tom will visit australia .
tom has always been straight with me .
i 'm having trouble reading the letters on the <unk> .
tom wants to know why that happened .
mary had a copy of her car key made .
i suggest that you don 't do that .
the vacation begins this week .
could you please tell me what i 'm supposed to be doing ?
she 's a better liar than i thought .
tom and mary promised they wouldn 't smoke anymore .
i want to take it .
they may be poor , but rich in spirit .
i wanted to know what had happened .
i figured i could count on you .
when i first met tom , i didn 't like him much .
he tried to get rid of the <unk> .
i think tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it .
someone broke the <unk> of my new car .
this glass is dirty .
tom told me he liked it .
she visited boston .
can i do the dishes for you ?
tom came to boston a lot last year .
i know that you 're not planning to stay in boston .
mary said she heard someone yelling .
you 'll do that later , won 't you ?
i think you know the answer .
maybe you 'll learn a lesson from this .
i called everyone i know .
tom is very busy now , isn 't he ?
she said she didn 't have a plan .
industry was growing quickly .
i don 't know if she will go there with me .
tom and mary say that they 'll study french today .
i think i can fix this .
it costs a lot of money to eat out .
sami too has been <unk> by his father .
there are two kinds of lies , lies with short legs and lies with long <unk> . yours , just now , happen to have long <unk> .
you 'll meet them tomorrow .
tom and mary said they didn 't want to eat anything .
they know their way around a boat .
there are some things we want you to see .
fadil thought layla was listening .
do you want to walk together ?
i 'm already in boston .
do we have to pay in advance ?
i think tom might do that .
what 's there to discuss ?
you don 't look like you 're tired .
i have not got the feel of the language .
all men who <unk> from the <unk> of the earth must give back part of them to the church , who will apply them to three uses : <unk> for <unk> , the <unk> of religious buildings , help to the poor .
tom will explain it to all of us .
it will not last more than three minutes .
tom died a number of years ago .
where was this book published ?
tom and mary forgot to do what they were supposed to do .
take heart and do it again .
if <unk> is coming by air , she ought to arrive very soon .
i 'm afraid that i took your umbrella by mistake .
i spent two hours playing the piano .
tom realized that he could probably do that by himself .
i love you with all i am .
tom is in bed with a fever .
i went to the supermarket .
no one wants to work .
sami didn 't have a lot of <unk> .
i have big feet .
does this ring a bell ?
sami was talking about layla for no reason .
tom walked up the three <unk> of stairs to his office .
he stopped taking his medicine .
i promised tom i 'd not tell anyone .
i touched him .
that isn 't likely to happen .
you must 've already done everything that needs to be done .
tom and mary said that they were really grateful .
the painting that 's hanging on the wall was painted by tom .
sami is an artist .
i 'm going to be a teacher .
he lied to my face .
we 're planning to go tomorrow , aren 't we ?
i think this is exactly what tom and mary want .
i don 't know who tom is planning to see in boston .
what time did he get there ?
aren 't you coming back ?
all men are created equal .
tom keeps his passport in a safe <unk> box at the bank .
i wouldn 't be here if i didn 't need to be .
shall i carry coffee to them ?
in winter , the days become shorter and it gets <unk> earlier .
sami 's focus was just on layla .
i wonder whether or not tom is going to australia next week .
i didn 't think tom would be last .
mary put the phone to her ear .
i know that tom knows mary needs to do that .
why are you in a hurry to sell your house ?
there 's no water coming out of the shower .
take care of your grandfather .
tom is the most <unk> student in class .
you can 't be at two places at once .
i thought that you 'd never come .
don 't answer the door , whoever it is .
for too many of us the political <unk> we once had won was <unk> in the face of economic <unk> . a small group had <unk> into their own hands an almost complete control over other people 's property , other people 's money , other people 's <unk> other people 's lives . for too many of us life was no longer free ; liberty no longer real ; men could no longer follow the <unk> of happiness .
he retired from the army 20 years ago .
i 'm going to refuse to do that .
tom rushed home .
tom really wants to do that again .
tom knows what that feels like .
i speak french as well as she does .
i 'd like to know who <unk> the money .
<unk> , i didn 't have the confidence to ask mary to have lunch with me .
mary said she isn 't worried about that .
she said that she didn 't get it .
but you cannot understand . how could you understand what it is to feel old ?
we were <unk> about the matter when you came in , <unk> . perhaps you can let us have a few details .
my parents would never let me go to boston by myself .
tom told me he 's retired .
i grew up in this neighborhood .
i consider myself lucky .
<unk> though he was , his parents loved him .
this book is much more interesting than that one .
tom never told me that he was from australia .
i told tom that he should try to do it by himself .
it 's been years since i 've played tennis .
tom is very angry with his children .
i hope i can be a <unk> student .
i don 't think i have enough energy to do that .
what is it then ?
one question .
i wonder if tom and mary are still healthy .
sami is just about as mad as layla .
she said that she 'd try again .
you never laughed .
are you coming to pick me up ?
when will tom be doing that ?
she said she wanted to leave early .
the <unk> sent my suitcase to boston by mistake .
what kind of wedding do you want ?
i 'm thinking of getting this translated into french .
he needs to cancel his flight .
tom is an extremely charming guy .
your dog is here .
the painting is candy to the eyes .
why don 't you hang out with tom ?
why does she want to waste time doing that ?
i put down his address on paper .
sami tried to hurt layla .
i tried to focus my attention on reading .
mary was able to solve the problem by herself .
didn 't you know tom was in boston last year ?
tom didn 't have any idea what he should do .
if you have a garden and a library , you have everything you need .
i need to know tom won 't <unk> us .
he 's a wonderful guy .
i expect tom to be back on monday .
it rained yesterday after it had been dry for many months .
let 's walk on the beach .
all eyes turned towards her .
mary had been <unk> for an hour when i called .
tom has been out of work since october .
tom painted the wall white .
mary took her foot off the gas .
tom asked mary who had been the first to arrive .
tom said that he 's always done that that way .
both tom and mary agreed .
i suspect tom has finished doing that .
is the bite deep ?
i wish tom hadn 't asked me to do that .
i 'm sure mom will get mad .
i don 't feel like going to school today .
mary must make up her own mind .
that is poison as well .
you can shower here .
tom and mary said that they 'd likely win .
tom told me he thought mary was funny .
our native language is japanese .
i don 't think tom ate all the <unk> .
why do you all look so happy ?
tom was too shy to talk to mary .
change is scary .
i didn 't know tom and mary would have to do that by themselves .
i asked tom and mary why they didn 't do that .
tom told mary that she had the <unk> eyes he 'd ever seen .
mary said she probably wouldn 't cry .
he told me that he 'd lost his watch .
tom found it difficult to remain mad .
you asked tom why he did that , didn 't you ?
tom is going to be here in a few hours .
i wish i were a stone .
tom said that he thought that mary wasn 't happy .
i didn 't know how to tell him how much i loved him .
i don 't want to go upstairs alone in the dark .
i must speak to you .
i 'm so sorry . are you okay ?
tom said he thought he could lend mary some money .
they 're invited .
he told me he was cold .
i like coffee better than tea .
tom is living alone .
the church is between my house and yours .
i was afraid i might be late for the bus .
i enter the room , where i found an old man sleeping .
does tom still like boston ?
i can 't be responsible for tom 's safety .
tom could 've been outside listening to us .
i knew i could trust her .
i hope this letter <unk> you and look forward to your reply .
i often visit tom on mondays .
i kind of hope it doesn 't rain .
i made cookies .
it 's best to make international calls person to person .
i thought that maybe we could travel together .
you look like you 're having trouble .
tom is really mad at mary .
i cannot accept this plan .
she said she was happy here .
it really doesn 't matter .
your office isn 't as large as mine .
perhaps tom is too old to do this kind of thing .
tom and mary have never been on a ship .
sami wrote the message in arabic .
i don 't think tom suffered .
you warned tom you might do that , didn 't you ?
i knew tom didn 't know french .
this is sick .
as the autumn gets closer , the <unk> become longer .
thank you for all the help you 've given us .
don 't miss the train this afternoon !
the child doesn 't cry anymore .
i suspect that tom will have to do that .
it 's a complicated problem .
sami isn 't going to make a video .
tom always does that for me .
mary didn 't tell tom why she enjoyed doing that .
cats are social animals .
you 're divorced , aren 't you ?
it was impossible to refuse the request of a <unk> dying in a strange land .
tom probably didn 't get home until after midnight .
he left the bedroom and entered the living room .
i thought tom and mary were at home .
she said she regretted doing that .
they 're laughing .
you remind me of tom .
tom advised mary not to leave her door open .
tom may not be interested .
i 've advised tom not to stop doing that .
sami is not a guest . he lives here .
i was hoping to change tom 's mind .
what did tom and mary tell you they needed to do ?
i listened to them .
i 'm no different from any other mother .
i don 't think tom and mary are outside .
mary said she wanted to stay home .
i still don 't know all the details .
i love her son .
he said that worried him .
you 'll have to choose quickly .
he said he enjoyed it .
they said that they couldn 't do anything .
are you still married ?
the toilet won 't stop running .
i 'm wanted by the police .
she 's actually one of the only people i do trust .
i wasn 't aware that tom hadn 't done that yet .
you 're the only one who wants to do that .
i think tom would be a good roommate .
i 'll bring you up to date with the latest news from the village .
maybe you could be my roommate .
better to be a dog in a city than a man in a <unk> .
tom told me he 'd never do that .
i just need more time with them .
where did you go last monday ?
did you just meet him ?
i didn 't know tom wouldn 't be able to do that as well as mary .
the plane had just taken off when my wife suddenly started to <unk> .
i 'm just not going to do that .
i didn 't really think there was anything to worry about .
tom is going to be very thirsty after working all day in the hot sun .
i 'm convinced that 'll happen .
that was fadil 's first call .
there 's still a chance that that going to happen .
i forgot that you used to be married to tom .
i didn 't touch your guitar .
you seemed to be surprised tom wasn 't able to do that .
i don 't care what you say , tom .
we must talk it over .
what do you think of our love ?
i think i 'm going to be fired .
mary told tom that she thought john wasn 't finished doing that .
the police searched all night for the escaped <unk> .
tom knows mary kissed john .
they left their tickets at home .
this is what i 've always wanted to do .
sami sent layla many letters .
what kind of women 's <unk> does tom like ?
tom told me that he thought that mary was responsible for the accident .
my clock needs to be fixed .
neither tom nor mary could do that .
are you going to go to tokyo tomorrow ?
is it true you used to live in boston ?
mary said that she was planning to get there early .
he never speaks english without making a few mistakes .
i don 't need to repeat myself twice .
do you really think that tom won 't come ?
it won 't take that long .
what do you know about illegal weapon sales ?
tom said he never wanted this to happen .
i 've worked all day , so that i am very tired .
they did what they believed was right .
i 'm a member of the swimming club .
i wish you had not told him about the plan .
you said you wanted to do that .
i hate tom , too .
your place or mine ?
tom and mary said that they felt much happier now .
am i what you expected ?
tom and i have a daughter .
i 'm looking for a book of jokes .
i 'm pretty happy with it .
mary took off her winter coat and her hat .
why wasn 't tom able to eat lunch ?
come on , let 's go !
am i going to have to do this by myself ?
why did tom not tell me about that ?
i always feel blue on mondays .
tom and mary said they needed my help .
did you speak at all ?
tom won 't try to do that today .
there are lots of <unk> about the <unk> of language , but , in fact , no one really knows .
she said that she isn 't hungry .
tom wouldn 't be happy if we didn 't allow mary to do that .
don 't throw them away . you 'll need them later .
sami wasn 't expecting layla .
he has never even set foot on foreign <unk> .
i am ready .
no one wanted to eat .
i don 't think i 'll need too much help .
when he 's sick , the dog sleeps hard against my feet and <unk> .
how does mary know she can do that ?
i went to see him .
i thought that tom was happy .
do you think tom knew i was here ?
" do you want to buy them ? " " yes . "
tom had an egg salad sandwich for lunch .
tom said he didn 't know why mary didn 't like him .
offer tom some money .
it isn 't so simple .
tom has already complained about that .
tom is probably going to help us today .
do little things matter ?
would you like to play tennis on sunday ?
she says she 's not hungry yet .
i have not been busy since yesterday .
they enjoy what they do .
mary says she needs to talk to us about something important .
you should tell tom and mary that they should do that as soon as possible .
have they ever told you that you dress <unk> ?
i can 't believe that i never knew that .
how did you stop it ?
tom has been calling me <unk> every evening .
a question asked quickly gets a slow <unk> .
tom always ate fruit for breakfast .
tom didn 't seem surprised by mary 's news .
tom said that he was very glad that he didn 't do that .
i suggest doing that as soon as possible .
this mission is highly secret and extremely dangerous .
i think tom wants our help .
why did you buy the flowers ?
you are in very serious trouble .
we began to see what we can <unk> from it .
i wish i hadn 't promised mary i 'd go to boston with her .
i need to find it in a hurry .
when i ask people what they regret most about high school , they nearly all say the same thing : that they <unk> so much time .
do you believe most of what you read and see in the news ?
don 't ever let me catch you talking to my girlfriend again .
it 's true !
she told me that she wanted a lawyer .
are you absolutely sure tom has to do that ?
do you have kids ?
the hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn 't even standing room .
how do you usually spend your day ?
we didn 't expect an <unk> of the plan this soon .
sami doesn 't know why layla did that .
an egg should cook for at least 5 minutes
tom will probably be downstairs .
you 're a good driver .
do you and tom ever discuss politics ?
i wish i could have done more .
tom and mary were shocked when they learned that john had been arrested .
i think she will do for a teacher .
i 'd like to hear that from him .
are you stupid or what ?
tom is the person i think can help you .
i 've got a message for you .
tom is in the kitchen making himself something to eat .
a friend of mine called me up last night .
i 'm going to send out my <unk> .
my father doesn 't approve of her .
i wish i had been with her then .
please sit down for a moment .
tom is out of luck again .
you started it .
i 'm not good-looking .
tom and mary aren 't as <unk> as they used to be .
sami was the talk of the <unk> grade .
get your notebook .
tom and mary told me they liked my idea .
i think that tom ought to do that .
the airport is over there .
he took off his clothes and jumped into the water .
sami 's bed was moving .
tom said mary was likely to be outside on the porch .
i know that i 'll die soon .
tom said that he didn 't really want to talk about this .
that 's all i 'm asking .
i want to live like that .
you thought i 'd do that , didn 't you ?
i <unk> every bit of information about food .
now fix that .
i need to know why you didn 't come yesterday .
tom and mary go swimming whenever they can .
tom and mary are on the same <unk> .
tom is out sick today .
she told me that she knew the rules .
i want to drive , but tom won 't let me .
we went to the park to play baseball .
do tom and mary have to help ?
mary 's parents died when she was thirteen .
doing that wouldn 't make me happy .
when did you begin studying french ?
i 'm still pretty mad .
tom and mary think that they know what to do .
one must give time time .
tom has light brown hair .
it 's not what it seems .
what time do you often lay down ?
he is an authority on physics .
you 're using me in your art like this without <unk> me ?
sami needed a guide .
i heard that tom wanted to do that .
i know i did that wrong .
i suspect that tom has never done that .
i 'd like the bill , please .
tell me what you have and i will tell you what you think .
mary told tom she was interested in buying one of his paintings .
tom lives with us .
tom saw mary reading his diary .
" tom , do you <unk> a game of chess ? " " no , not any more today , mary . i 'm tired and i want to go to bed . "
esperanto - for you to understand the world .
tom was still in boston this time last year .
there is every sign of rain .
he 's a famous popular singer in japan .
i have another possibility .
tom usually takes a shower before eating breakfast .
i wonder if tom would really help us .
i don 't think tom is going to help us .
tom was clearly in trouble .
i want blue eyes !
she can 't drive .
in japan a new school year starts in april .
tom said that mary probably wouldn 't eat lunch with us .
tom accidentally locked himself in the wine <unk> .
tom said that three of those boys would help us .
i 'm not making any problems for you .
the heat is terrible today .
she hadn 't seen him in a long time .
tom doesn 't sound too sure .
tom has a terrible singing voice .
at times i think and at times i am .
he 's usually pretty shy .
we 're both very , very lucky .
she isn 't very funny , is she ?
how long do you think it would take me to drive from boston to chicago ?
i 'd be happy to have you along .
they send us to the farm .
this fish is big .
did you enjoy reading that book ?
is he dead ?
i wasn 't the only one who wanted to do that .
i wonder if this is really worth doing .
she said she liked to do that .
i still think of him .
i suspected tom was wrong .
you never lend money to anyone , do you ?
i kept quiet .
sami had a small movie theater in his <unk> .
little does he realize how important this meeting is .
sami wants to help .
i 'm not sure whether i really want that or not .
how did tom find out where i live ?
i think tom wouldn 't be interested in doing that .
layla was a crazy girl .
is this the first time that you 've ever <unk> ?
i 'll do that if tom <unk> me .
they want it for tomorrow .
i think you 're being too hard on tom .
tom drank about twice as much as i did .
i knew that was what you wanted .
" why me ? " " because , by process of <unk> , there was no other choice . "
tom is going to need to do that .
i need tom .
i thought you wouldn 't give up .
i suspect tom and mary have already left boston .
you have to do what tom and mary tell you to do .
my dream is to become a very strong <unk> player .
he went as far as <unk> by train .
the flowers were dying without water .
the boy fell off the bed .
tom wished that mary hadn 't <unk> john and him talking about her .
i don 't believe i can walk that far in three hours .
i knew that tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary that she didn 't have to do that .
tom hates working late .
don 't shoot !
you can 't trust anyone these days .
tom tried to get mary 's attention , but he couldn 't .
they wish they 'd done that , too .
there is no doubt as to her beauty .
i am your fellow <unk> because i , too , am an italian national .
tom didn 't want to keep it .
i 'm glad tom made it home in one piece .
tom and mary have just come back from australia .
i don 't like the cats .
i have to rent a car .
mary didn 't know where her car was .
tom is safe now , isn 't he ?
i wonder if tom really did that on monday .
when did you take the exam ?
tom said that he wished that he hadn 't forgotten to buy mary a birthday present .
tom is likely to still be interested in doing that .
temperature and pressure , please .
tom said that he didn 't really want to do that .
tom thought mary lived on park street .
i haven 't paid for that yet .
mary says she has no other choice .
they don 't trust me .
time will do the rest .
please come to my office in the afternoon .
mary almost always does what she says she 's going to do .
are you going to give this to him ?
mary is a lot happier since she changed jobs .
tom used to be a member of our club .
there shouldn 't be any major problems .
tom said that he only did that because everybody else did .
it was not long before he knew it .
it 's not clear which of them wanted that .
tom says a lot of stupid things .
i don 't think that i 'll need too much help .
were you here alone ?
i don 't think i know that boy .
i thought that tom was discouraged .
how did you know we were at tom 's house ?
tom liked to keep to himself .
even though i don 't understand a single word i can tell that it 's a very beautiful and <unk> song .
tom and mary don 't need to read this if they don 't want to .
tom said that he had confidence in mary .
tom and mary are in their rooms now .
are we having guests this evening ?
is that an issue ?
i spent three months in the hospital when i was thirteen .
her dream was to be able to speak french fluently .
there is still a great deal about the human brain that we don 't understand .
you should go get dressed .
i hope that you will accept my request .
i 'll leave my porch light on , so you can easily find my house .
how many times do you plan on doing that ?
tom is a very quiet person , isn 't he ?
could you perhaps translate that for me ?
tom has already bought everything he needs to buy .
tom is always staring at me .
mary said that she could do that .
will it be all right to do that today ?
tom got a little drunk and became very talkative .
<unk> you had one million yen , what would you do with it ?
nothing has been decided yet .
we should 've done what tom wanted us to do .
tom doesn 't have a job to go back to .
tom is probably dead now .
i 'm not feeling too well .
she promised she 'd do that for us .
she didn 't visit anybody .
you 're going to have some <unk> to do .
could you please explain what 's going on here ?
this is new .
i wonder why mary killed herself .
tom doesn 't have to do that here .
it 's as far as we 're going .
i wasn 't able to buy enough food for everyone .
tom borrowed mary 's car over the weekend .
mary hasn 't been doing that as often as she should .
were there many people at the meeting ?
i love your country .
let 's not get crazy .
they didn 't say they wanted to do that .
what does tom want to eat ?
we hurried down the stairs .
i know that tom is a pretty <unk> .
mary wasn 't wearing her seat belt .
you made your mother cry .
we just have a few minutes .
tom and mary both drowned .
tom isn 't ready to leave .
let me do that for you .
you 're quite attractive .
i am going to study english this afternoon .
tom didn 't know what would happen to him .
he 's better than us all .
this cake is delicious .
tom is going to go to australia in october .
mary would be able to do that if she really wanted to .
my wife has left me .
they began to argue .
tom spoke in a low voice .
tom bought it for me .
i 'm prepared to lie for tom if i have to .
tom thought mary would be nervous .
tom and mary care for each other .
i think i 've found the problem .
both tom and mary admitted that they were lonely .
he who loves mary would love mary .
are both you and tom from australia ?
can you give me some time ?
mary didn 't know that she had to do that today .
we walked to the river .
mary is extremely proud of her son .
i love your shoes . where did you get them ?
tom trusted his doctors .
i want to know your opinion .
we have no chance of winning the <unk> .
i had been in the army for a month when the war ended .
did you really think i wasn 't going to help ?
you have what it takes to be a teacher .
tom started <unk> up and down on the bed .
how fast that dog runs !
do you like tea ?
she put the picture back in his hand .
was tom able to do that well ?
tom told me about this place .
the child is being taken good care of by the doctor .
mary says she doesn 't believe you really want to do that .
maybe that 'll tell us something .
she broke off her <unk> in a fit of anger .
i will tell you a secret .
that 's her favorite language .
i don 't think that tom would 've done that .
i 'm not the only one who feels this way .
at last , he became aware of his own mistakes .
tom and mary always seems worried about what other people think about them .
i don 't care where tom and mary are .
she looks like she 's homeless .
" perhaps you are right , <unk> , " he said .
the lake is frozen .
what does tom need most ?
tom didn 't even read it .
the king 's english is not the king 's . it 's a <unk> stock company , and americans own most of the <unk> .
tom promised that he wouldn 't do that .
look at the sign just ahead of you .
i don 't think tom is ticklish .
i think tom doesn 't like the way that i make <unk> .
i have dinner plans with him .
i just assumed you wouldn 't mind .
those books on the table are mine .
i knew tom knew why mary wanted him to do that .
mary told tom what she wanted to eat .
i can 't come to the office today .
when is tom going to boston ?
how dangerous do you think this mission is going to be ?
i guess i didn 't want to <unk> you .
lots of people took part in the <unk> .
tom was mary 's french teacher .
" i don 't have time to spend with my kids . " " you should make time . "
i 'm not drunk , but i 've been drinking .
tom could 've been warned .
i won 't allow you to ruin your life .
the school is on a hill .
tom went far away .
where do you live , exactly ?
mary said that she was feeling fine .
they burned all the documents .
my leg hurts now .
we haven 't done that in a while .
don 't worry . i won 't hurt her .
you shouldn 't swim in that pool .
aren 't you ever going to tell me what happened that night ?
tom wasn 't wearing anything .
we don 't drink .
you didn 't really mean what you said , did you ?
she said she wanted a second opinion .
we missed the plane .
we just want you to get better .
he said that he was troubled .
tom is going to the beach with us tomorrow .
tom isn 't able to do that anymore .
what did you do in australia ?
how often do you walk your dog ?
tom 's car 's parked out front .
you ought to ask tom what he 'll do .
<unk> was completely <unk> , but there was no one there who could 've helped her .
he is a football player .
sami was just trying to be nice .
it is no <unk> to say that we are living in dangerous times .
i 'm too confused !
tom said he 's not sure mary needs to do that .
tom told me mary was hesitant to do that .
why not just tell us ?
wait until you get home .
tom said he doesn 't think that mary really wants to do that today .
i 'd rather die than give you this .
i want to find tom .
tom and mary never told me they had a horse .
what we don 't know is whether tom can do that or not .
i admitted i did what tom asked me not to do .
i wonder where tom plans on doing that .
it happens frequently .
mary said she doesn 't think tom really enjoys doing that .
i want you to find out about that .
tom wouldn 't have told mary that .
i haven 't been to australia , but tom has .
playing cards is interesting .
which game shall we play next ?
she still remembers you .
may i have your attention , please ?
i knew that tom might need to do that .
tom said that was the first time he 'd ever done that .
he wanted to do everything himself .
mary thought she was really charming .
sami should jump right into the story .
no , you won 't .
doctors have a difficult problem .
who wants to do that ?
tom is taking a nap , isn 't he ?
his failure led him to drink every night .
tom and mary looked like they were in a hurry .
to <unk> a ticket , you need to enter your personal details .
he is not so tall as you .
tom told me that he 's not certain what he should do .
mary said she 'd never ever do that again .
the only canadian here is you .
tom was able to visit australia .
tom told me that he was strong .
we must work hard for what we want in life .
this city may be a little <unk> , but the people living here are all kind , and will welcome anyone with open arms .
tom and mary become best friends .
fadil had been shot <unk> times including in the head and the face .
we must act .
i thought that you might want to watch this .
i have time tomorrow morning .
i 'm really enjoying this .
he came here a long time ago .
it 's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes .
how did tom and mary get john to give them so much money ?
sami gave layla a glass of water .
everything is so strange .
layla had a wound to her right leg .
she worked from morning till night .
are you sure about all this ?
what did you do until such time ?
tom told everyone that he was interested .
don 't buy too much .
he 's away for the weekend .
listen to him .
tom realized he no longer needed to be there .
do you go there by bus , train or the <unk> ?
i 'm pleased to hear you say so .
did tom write you letters from boston ?
i 'd like two tickets , please .
mary said that she 'd be a few minutes late .
what he said is capable of several <unk> .
i know i might not be allowed to do that .
i want you to do nothing .
suddenly the <unk> daughter spoke up , saying , " i want candy . "
sami 's baby was sleeping .
nobody can live to be two hundred years old .
sami wanted to know how tall layla was .
sami is kind of busy now .
tom and mary told me that they were hesitant to do that .
she kissed her father on the cheek .
how was the pie ?
he will get his computer fixed in a few hours .
this store <unk> at nine in the evening .
tom said that he thought that mary was bored .
tom told me i had to do that .
don 't waste it .
let 's see if anybody 's home .
you have my vote .
tom got mary to do what we wanted her to do .
mary says she 'll buy a painting from tom today .
tom seems to be pretty rich .
i finished doing that a short time ago .
maybe you should move .
the problem started yesterday evening .
tom is going to have to deal with that tomorrow .
your house needs painting .
tom said that mary thought that john might not have to do that by himself .
tom only asked me three questions .
i 'm supposed to be helping tom right now .
where did you draw them ?
for three days after death hair and <unk> continue to grow but phone calls <unk> off .
she 's never washed her car .
i can 't get this <unk> out of my finger .
they promised me they 'd do that for me .
" you must be layla . " " how did you guess ? "
i 'm sure it 's personal .
fadil is already engaged .
mary was wearing a blue dress the last time i saw her .
why do you want to go fishing ?
tom and mary said they thought john wouldn 't do that .
i wonder why i 'm not supposed to do that .
how far is it from new york to london ?
tom and mary had lunch at the <unk> restaurant .
what 's going on here ?
tom didn 't have the <unk> to admit he was wrong .
tom 's eyes are open .
i didn 't know that tom was going to quit his job .
his <unk> is <unk> , and soon he won 't be able to get out of bed .
i did that alone .
the next question is for her .
how many hours does it actually take to do that ?
we couldn 't go out because of the heavy rain .
you 're not safe .
sami is so unfair to layla .
if i want to have sex in my <unk> , i have the right that a place <unk> to provide me that pleasure .
it worked well .
tom seemed reluctant to leave .
tom cut his finger and it 's <unk> pretty badly .
they said that they didn 't swim .
tom seemed like such a nice guy .
i assume that you 'll be <unk> why all this is necessary .
i don 't want to think about what could 've happened .
this changes everything .
tom seems to be trying to impress the new manager .
the world 's largest zoo is in <unk> , germany .
your shoes are here . where are mine ?
you 're not giving me what i need .
<unk> goes to school at eight o 'clock .
tom said that he didn 't believe that mary did that .
i have many issues with tom 's ideas , but the <unk> of his writing is worth learning from .
she looked like she 'd seen a ghost .
now come get a hug and a kiss .
i don 't think that you should do it .
tom says he thinks he 'll be able to do that .
i 'll see if tom wants to come over for a visit .
i wish that tom weren 't here .
america is beautiful .
are you still tom 's friend ?
i ordered way too much . i don 't think i can eat it all .
she killed herself in 2013 .
tom has lived in boston for more than a year .
we 're all like him .
i can 't believe that you didn 't have to do that .
that house is not <unk> for my needs .
<unk> i want to go to the hotel .
that 's what makes them special .
tom appreciated mary 's advice .
bill is the more clever of the two brothers .
don 't forget to tell mary that she has to get home before 2 : 30 .
i 'd never go to boston with tom .
i don 't swim as well as you do .
he is studying at kyoto university .
he cut his hand when she fell .
would it be ok if i didn 't come tomorrow ?
tom might want some help .
china is much larger than japan .
how well do you know tom ?
i 'm not going to pay for that wall .
i 'll see her today .
sami just kept screaming .
i think tom might not wait for me .
who invited you to the party ?
did everyone manage to escape the burning ship ?
i know that you 'd never let tom hurt me .
you know exactly what she 's talking about .
i want nothing from you .
tom walks in a strange way .
she 's supposed to be back by <unk> .
the room is quite small .
it seemed like a dream to me .
i know that tom is a <unk> liar .
you don 't need to answer any more questions .
because of his illness , he was forced to put off the meeting .
tom is hoping he 'll be given a second chance .
i am doing my homework .
our uncle called on me all the way from <unk> .
you never answered the question .
tom is going to be late for dinner .
he explained how she lost his money .
tom said mary had to do that sometime today .
tom did what he could for his children .
you washed yourself .
tom and i couldn 't be happier .
tom isn 't as drunk as i am .
i know that tom knows that mary doesn 't want to do that .
can i open my eyes now ?
this record is unlikely to be broken .
mary does know that .
do you want to learn english ?
she denied that she 's my mother .
i promise that it won 't happen again .
fadil loved to dance .
taken <unk> , the president 's record isn 't half bad .
don 't worry about tom . he isn 't a threat .
tom and mary couldn 't help me .
i wonder if it 's <unk> in france .
mary said that she was glad that she did that .
we 're quiet .
i didn 't go fishing with tom last weekend .
let them take care of it .
i didn 't get an email from my friend today .
i 'll be here in a few minutes .
i hope tom and mary tell us what happened .
your girlfriend is going to be so mad at you when she finds out .
i am feeling quite pleased about what you 've said .
are there still women who use your language at home ?
stop being difficult .
tom said that he was very cold .
tom thought that mary was going to do that with him .
maybe you should grow up .
tom thinks he speaks french better than mary .
the country 's main products are <unk> and gold .
i 'd really like to go .
i wonder whether tom and mary thought they had to do that .
i have to deny that request .
i actually agree with her .
can i get a little help , please ?
you love your work , don 't you ?
he fell ill , and therefore he gave up going abroad .
it 'll get fixed .
tom would 've been impressed .
they said that they planned on doing that .
tom washed the dishes and mary <unk> them .
tom is also <unk> in love with mary .
you should have told me that you wanted me to come alone .
tom didn 't really do that alone .
he always wants to be the last to speak .
i barely missed being struck .
we all get along .
tom is the only one who remained awake all night .
i know that tom knew that i shouldn 't do that .
i think tom and mary have been trying to impress me .
can i sit next to her ?
didn 't you know that you were supposed to do that ?
tom wanted mary to be near him .
today we are going to discuss this problem in terms of <unk> .
i don 't have everything i need yet .
tom said mary wasn 't planning on doing that alone .
i like my new job .
sami used to think like that .
mary said she remembered being there .
i know tom is a divorce lawyer .
i 'm sure tom doesn 't have to do that .
i suspect tom and mary know something is going on .
in spain , it 's the three <unk> that bring the children their presents .
the moon is pretty in the fall .
i 've actually done it .
i thought that we had a deal .
i didn 't think tom would forget to tell mary what time the meeting was .
i think mary was supposed to do that by herself .
tom doesn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seems to be .
tom asked everybody to leave .
everyone thinks so .
as soon as he arrived , he demanded a meal .
do you have a table in front of the <unk> ?
he enjoys <unk> around the forest in his spare time .
tom lives across the street .
tom and i don 't have a lot in common .
tom is trying to do the right thing .
kiss her for me .
i might not be in australia next year .
i don 't mind at all .
marriage is out of the question .
i turned my computer on .
we 're getting some very interesting results .
tom thought i might be required to do that by myself .
i want them to know that .
how often do you wash your bed <unk> ?
don 't take it wrong .
tom said that he had a job for me .
do you know what tom 's secret <unk> is ?
i think you should let tom know that you don 't have to do that .
everyone wanted to see what tom and mary were doing .
sami pushed the dog out .
how did you understand it was tom ?
i seem to have lost my purse .
tom said that mary didn 't like doing that .
tom isn 't the one who told me that .
i haven 't told him yet .
tom doesn 't study as hard as he used to .
i knew tom would refuse to do that .
tom is supposed to be working now .
i don 't think that this is the best way to do this .
tom noticed that mary was having trouble <unk> .
sami was standing in front of the <unk> 's .
i bet tom is still in australia .
now i want you more than ever .
apart from the cost , the color of the tie doesn 't suit me .
tom promised he won 't do that again .
" look at the time ! i 'm gonna be late for school ! <unk> ! " " see you later . be careful . "
it can 't end like this .
we mean it .
i read the novels .
would you like to visit the white house someday ?
a child needs love .
i 'm telling you this because tom is your friend .
that 's kind of important .
tom didn 't want to ruin their friendship .
they 'll be here as soon as they can .
tom told me that he was having fun .
i saw them three hours ago .
the <unk> had a religious painting on its ceiling .
i can 't resist a woman who knows what she wants .
when do tom and mary expect us to get there ?
i know tom didn 't know that you were going to do that .
i thought that you said that you 've done that three times .
come and see for yourself !
but when you ask , you must believe and not doubt , because the one who doubts is like a <unk> of the sea , <unk> and <unk> by the wind .
i will show you all .
i 'm not entirely convinced that what tom said is true .
can i do it again ?
can i talk to them for a minute ?
i assume that you heard about tom 's death .
what kind of dog is it ?
were you married at that time ?
i don 't think this is anything you 'd be interested in .
i don 't want that to happen .
i won 't take less than three hundred dollars for this .
what makes you think tom is not guilty ?
could you give a me hand <unk> on saturday ?
i have already told tom that mary isn 't here .
i didn 't know tom would do that on purpose .
he put his head down .
tom said he didn 't know anything about australia .
you 're a good kid .
i 've had a <unk> sore throat since this morning . i wonder if i 've caught a cold .
it 's not funny ! do you have any idea how worried i was ?
sami sent a picture to layla .
she 's screaming , not singing .
what does your father do for a living ?
tom bought some new clothes last week .
i don 't think it 'll be easy for tom to do that .
she needs a hand .
tom has been riding the bus to work .
what time does the post office open ?
you 've been a very bad boy .
i 've never asked tom about it .
we will not do it .
tom can go whenever he likes .
are you sure you don 't mind if i leave ?
tom has to be motivated to do that .
tom and mary said that they 're reluctant to do that .
wouldn 't it be better for us to do that tomorrow ?
it 's nothing personal .
tom didn 't let mary talk .
do you really want a cup of coffee this late at night ?
i was at home most of the day yesterday .
you 've made me what i am .
do you also like jazz ?
tom might possibly have stayed in australia .
we should go home .
tomorrow i 'll go and play football .
i have no place that i can say i 'm from .
i need to borrow some money to buy some medicine for my mother .
did you help tom do that ?
i don 't think that tom is lost .
tom is a great <unk> and is such fun to be around .
she tried to express juice from the orange .
i can 't drink any more .
let 's try to sing together .
she said that she was dying .
i sometimes put a little salt in it .
tom and mary said they hoped they could figure out how to do that .
tom told me that he didn 't take french in high school .
tom is very talented , isn 't he ?
stay very still .
it was already 2 : 30 am , but maria was still sitting at her desk and <unk> homework .
tom isn 't busy at all .
if you saw me the way that i look right now , i 'm sure you wouldn 't even recognize me .
i begged her not to say anything to tom .
tom is upset with us .
i hid myself behind the couch .
germany of today is not what it was ten years ago .
mary and her boyfriend got engaged .
it 's a big deal to tom .
would you like to know more ?
you still like to do that sometimes , don 't you ?
tom said that he felt a bit <unk> .
why are leaves green ?
tom said he was in boston now .
sami 's youtube videos didn 't have any <unk> .
tom said that he doesn 't want to spend time in jail .
i didn 't ask tom anything .
he reached out for the book .
i just got a raise .
what <unk> are you going to play tonight ?
tom is probably going to go to boston next week .
we need to get going .
tom thought that he could do that tomorrow .
she talked about her school .
tom said that he wasn 't at today 's meeting .
call the police and tell them what you told me .
how do i explain it so that everyone understands it ?
i don 't wish to anger you .
i was at kyoto once .
go back to the waiting room .
the police assured that she would clear the case .
did you know tom and mary used to be married ?
i didn 't think that you and i could do that by ourselves .
we had a deal !
how many people did you invite ?
tom said he would have come to the party if he 'd been invited .
what 's going on with that ?
mary said she 's done that only three times .
tom and mary told john that they were reluctant to do that .
i want to help her , but i don 't know how .
tom and mary said they were afraid .
tom is going to be really happy to see you .
sami was all over the place .
what can i get you to drink ?
sami knew layla .
that 's starting to change now .
her election is in the bag .
i should have lied , but i told him the truth .
i 'm going to my room , because i can study there .
mary is a stubborn person , isn 't she ?
tom seems to have his mind on something else .
bill wrote the letter .
tom remembers when his mother died .
she was not feeling well .
tom said he 'd be coming back .
they admitted that they were terrified .
he looked very happy .
i should get home before 2 : 30 .
i really think you should stop smoking .
tom got lucky .
we thought you were crying .
i bought flowers because i am going to visit my grandmother this afternoon .
sami isn 't going to fight with layla about this .
i didn 't kill my wife .
would you please explain the rules to me ?
<unk> likes his new school , but really remembers his friends at his old school .
he says that he 's very busy .
people left me alone .
i force my kids to use berber at home .
it 's not a sure thing .
what kind of deal did you make ?
tom knew i needed them , but he refused to give them to me .
french is her first language .
tell tom that i need his help .
i knew that tom wasn 't able to understand french .
tom should be pleased .
tom has reason to be optimistic .
the <unk> of his talk was on the need to work hard .
i 'll see what else i can find to eat .
tom asked mary what she wanted him to buy for her .
i didn 't feel particularly happy .
this depends on you .
i feel like we can do that .
i have other things i need to do .
do you love your daughter ?
tom said mary needs to do that before john gets here .
i used to hate them .
mary has never asked me to help her .
i don 't want to go and i know that you don 't want to go either .
i doubt very seriously tom will be absent today .
tom is coming to the party , too .
tom is probably going to tell mary he won 't do that again .
these cookies are fresh from the oven .
what have tom and mary been doing all day ?
tom wouldn 't understand this .
it 's possible that tom was able to convince mary to do his laundry for him .
sami really believed that .
we will have been married for ten years on this day next week .
you may not like this book .
do they want to go anywhere ?
these boots are expensive .
what are you going to see ?
tom , mary , john and alice are all very happy .
tom and mary told me they hadn 't done that yet .
why would they lie ?
they told me they enjoyed the show .
i didn 't know tom would let you do that .
how was your holiday ?
tom wants to eat with us .
i don 't know much about this subject .
you look as though you 've seen a ghost .
students discussed the problem of brain death for a long time .
now , my young man , jump out the window !
i 'm spoken for , i apologize .
it 's very cold in this room . the fire went out .
you shouldn 't have opened tom 's letter .
don 't you think my horse ought to win the <unk> ?
that sounds like her .
i know tom 's hiding something , but i don 't know what .
hang in there , and you can do it .
she tried to lift the box , but found it impossible .
i couldn 't remember where i had parked my car .
she said she didn 't know why .
<unk> walked <unk> as much as she could and ended up five stories below ground level .
i was afraid it would not work out well and sure enough it failed .
do you still love her ?
does tom want a car ?
tom died of a heart attack in 2013 .
it looks like tom and mary are tough .
they said that they were thirty .
i 'm fairly certain that that didn 't happen .
i wasn 't able to do that as well as tom .
tom gave mary a huge hug .
how close are you to them ?
we talked all night and then we fell asleep .
you 'd better not be drunk .
he warned us not to enter the room .
tom must have done that at least once .
we both have the same favorite colors .
i 've heard that <unk> are expensive in australia .
if i were you , i would not have said such nonsense .
both tom and mary have decided to walk home <unk>
tom is laughing at me .
these are my daughters .
tom couldn 't see who was driving .
tom 's mother told him to quit <unk> on his bed .
let 's go to boston this summer .
sami 's bus came along .
tom and mary walked into the restaurant and looked around , but couldn 't see a free table .
smoking in the office is against our rules .
tom and mary look like they don 't feel well .
tom and i weren 't the ones who ate all the ice cream .
tom didn 't wait .
please don 't do anything else till tom gets here .
i have a lot of neighbors .
i know that tom probably doesn 't have to do that anymore .
this watch is ten minutes fast .
i was surprised how difficult it was to do that .
tom has to go to the hospital .
but you know , there 's no telling about that other world .
let 's get to it . i 'm not getting any younger .
everyone knew the song .
sami wanted to apologize .
i never leave on vacation without first cleaning my apartment .
she didn 't take it with her .
tom and mary aren 't used to having <unk> .
if tom had really wanted to do that , he would 've .
i 'm not ready for a relationship .
tom and mary are prepared for this , aren 't they ?
tom forgot to tell mary what she had to do .
since you 're here , you had better eat dinner .
sami already has this .
the medicine didn 't do me any good .
i didn 't think that tom was honest .
he painted the house .
tom told me to ask everybody .
you are to come here at <unk> o 'clock tomorrow .
work and play are both necessary to health .
tom has always been one of the best players on our team .
she grabbed her coat and left .
you shouldn 't judge by appearance .
i never stay anywhere long enough to make friends .
i wasn 't hungry when i got home .
you should pay more attention to his <unk> .
tom hasn 't been told that he 's not required to do that yet .
tom will unlikely walk home in the rain .
i expect tom will do that at about 2 : 30 .
sami 's style has changed .
tom and mary said that they were hesitant to do that .
i believe that 's correct .
we are fed up of always seeing the same people taking all the credit !
i have a lot on my mind .
i heard tom enter the room .
unfortunately , full <unk> can no longer be taken for granted .
many students like to study in the morning .
i held a seat for tom .
tom said that mary was likely to be impressed .
why do tom and mary do things like that ?
tell me what i have to do next .
i should have gone hunting .
tom never comes to australia anymore .
tom got back just in time for christmas .
i think that tom went into the woods to kill himself .
what time does tom leave for work ?
i don 't think we 'll find anyone who can help us .
isn 't there something you could do ?
he lost his pencil .
are we free on friday afternoon ?
can i talk to you for just a second ?
it 's almost time for dinner .
tom never did anything to hurt mary .
have tom and mary ever told you any ghost stories ?
tom , i want you to listen to what i have to say .
these questions need asking .
without the map , he would have gotten lost .
layla didn 't even know that she was dating a <unk> .
you are right , after all .
tom and mary say that they didn 't see anybody .
if a tree falls in the forest , and there 's nobody around to hear , does it make a sound ?
the boy <unk> went from door to door selling what they had made .
be the love that you are .
i 'm afraid that i can 't finish them in time .
sami knew nothing about his father .
tom said that mary knew john might have to do that by himself .
i wouldn 't have been able to do that if tom hadn 't helped .
sami was eating lunch with layla .
are they serious ?
they told me that they knew what to do .
it cost thirty million dollars .
tom and i often go shopping together .
you 'll never escape that way .
tom and mary say they weren 't aware of that policy .
don 't fear them .
tom says he doesn 't intend to do that anymore .
we should use reason before force .
tom certainly wasn 't too happy last night .
it wasn 't my mistake .
are we meeting tomorrow ?
sami became a man of god .
we can 't protect him .
tom told me that he 'd try to do that .
tom and mary say that they aren 't ready to do that .
i 'm not any better at swimming than i am at running .
i 'm happy to be back .
tom and mary said that they were really tired .
i really want to know what 's going on .
i know that tom and mary were <unk> .
i thought tom and mary weren 't in boston .
sami couldn 't see who the driver was .
i don 't see them often .
it 's just ten degrees , and he is walking around outside in a t-shirt . i get cold from just looking at him .
they went all out to beat the record , and they succeeded .
i fell down the stairs .
he was more of a <unk> , but he did give back to the community .
i don 't believe that tom could have said such a thing .
she said that she isn 't tired .
i can 't attend the meeting .
over the years , tom has bought mary a lot of <unk> .
tom might be irritated .
they said they were glad to see you .
we had a lot of good times in our <unk> .
i always thought that we could keep this secret .
he is no stranger to me .
i heard you and tom fighting .
tom 's not the only one around here who likes mary .
speaking of religious matters is a <unk> issue .
i didn 't know that you were ready to do that .
i want to stay home and watch tv tonight .
you should enjoy your life without making others ' lives <unk> .
i know tom might be able to do that .
sami didn 't even know that layla was a <unk> .
i know tom is a boy 's name and mary is a girl 's name .
tom was down with the <unk> all last week .
comments are not needed .
tom said he thought he might not be required to do that .
tom was satisfied with the result .
how are you guys doing ?
did you read the letter i sent you ?
there 's something i didn 't tell you , tom .
i wonder whether tom has done that before .
is this tom 's cup ?
tom doesn 't know what mary is doing .
i cannot pay this fine . i don 't have money .
tom was caught in the rain and his new suit got ruined .
tom was a university student last year .
tom told everybody that he was glad that was going to happen .
we fought for our lives in the storm .
" how old are you ? " " i 'm thirty . "
you did have fun , didn 't you ?
the ocean was <unk> because of the storm .
let 's go to the gym and shoot some <unk> .
tom drank a glass of <unk> before he went to the dentist .
tom needs to be told to leave mary alone .
i don 't think i 'll win .
tom and mary haven 't yet sold their houses .
tom didn 't wake me up .
i 've been in australia a lot longer than tom has .
the air has become really heavy .
it would have been nice if you 'd helped me a little .
did tom do that well ?
tom was in the hospital for <unk> months last year .
you of all people should appreciate that .
i 've been up all night studying .
they had everything going for them .
let me put it this way .
it 's something we talk about quite a bit .
i should never have to do that .
i 'll let you make that decision .
can you get there by car ?
i want to live <unk> when i become old .
i told tom to stop eating so much <unk> food .
he told me he was feeling dizzy .
i told tom i 'd be there by 2 : 30 .
tom is ready to forgive mary .
we 've taken care of all the details .
sami didn 't see that coming .
tom told everyone that he was done .
sami hit " like " on layla 's video .
tom started working as a <unk> about three years ago .
sami did drugs .
this garden is open to the public and it 's free .
tom said he 's not being used .
can i come in a second ?
i know his true name and where he lives .
tom thinks that mary will be able to convince john to do that .
who did tom and mary think was going to help them with their homework ?
my mom married my dad in the <unk> .
who told you i 'd do that ?
i 'm kidding .
layla wanted to start over with another man .
how did you find out that i like this fish ?
i still don 't know where tom and mary are .
the songs for the sea are <unk> , because the sea have the taste of tears .
tom denied having beaten his wife .
do you want to know ?
sami worked in the kitchen .
mary did something that she shouldn 't have .
tom and mary told me they needed to talk .
i know that tom and mary are divorced .
he does not know how to drive a car .
we 're going to find tom .
the daughter of a child is a <unk> .
i don 't know how tom was able to afford a new car .
tom is losing ground .
mary said tom 's dog attacked her .
you can use your imagination .
it was clear tom didn 't need me to do that .
tom gave this bottle of wine to both of us .
tom will be gone for at least a week .
he is a recognized authority on the subject .
i think tom deserves that .
you don 't have to do that here .
mary tried to leave , but tom stopped her .
we visited australia .
tom wants me to wait until he gets here .
tom understands french fairly well , but he has trouble speaking it .
do you really think you can get away with this ?
tom is actually mary 's brother .
i know that tom shouldn 't go outside .
mary wanted tom to meet her parents .
how are they going to <unk> that law ?
i was happy to help you .
last summer , i spent three weeks in australia .
i feel like such a fool .
i thought you 'd like to see this .
i am looking forward to going to the zoo .
the internet has a lot of information and thus also a lot of useless information .
just for this once , let 's not have an argument .
" our customers are in <unk> " , explained tom .
we sang as we walked .
when will the war end ?
they came out of their hiding place .
there 's nothing like going out in style .
i introduced myself to everyone .
tom told me he thought that mary was optimistic .
you 're a strong guy , aren 't you ?
mary told me that she wasn 't bored .
they can do that by themselves .
you 're feeling better , aren 't you ?
i wonder whether tom and mary are asleep .
does boston have a high crime rate ?
she couldn 't come because of an illness .
isn 't this simply beautiful ?
i don 't know why tom didn 't enjoy the movie .
i thought that you 'd want butter on your <unk> .
i thought that tom was interested .
you seem to have lost sight of original <unk> .
i know that tom won 't do that for me .
tom told mary something she didn 't want to hear .
that was sami 's final act of love for layla .
which photos did she choose ?
i have been reading books all afternoon .
do you have any idea where tom could 've hidden the money ?
tom always made us cry .
tom refused to tip the waiter .
i think that tom is talking to mary about that right now .
do you think tom would really want to do that ?
i am nothing . i shall never be anything . i cannot wish to be anything . aside from that , i have within me all the dreams of the world .
we have to take care of ourselves .
i 'll tell my mom !
she claimed that she was innocent .
tom doesn 't feel like doing that now .
i didn 't think tom was hungry .
tom expected mary to disagree with him , but she didn 't .
you have to be active .
tom said i shouldn 't do that again .
the world 's gone crazy .
i got a lot of pleasure out of seeing tom .
he 's in the yard .
everything was new to me .
did tom go to australia in october ?
mary is having an allergic <unk> to something she ate .
tom 's remains were never recovered .
the fight for <unk> rights in the united states started in <unk> , when the government said school had to be open to everyone .
i 'll loan you all the money you want .
i was popular in high school .
i wrote a book about this exact topic .
someone needs to tell him that .
tom has given us all of this .
tom said that he didn 't eat meat .
she has asked us to do that for her .
tom and mary said they never wanted to do that .
i 'm sure glad tom is feeling better .
tom and mary made themselves sandwiches .
do you have lots of friends ?
i don 't want any <unk> on my website .
there are <unk> any flowers in our garden .
when i get the milk out of the fridge , i close the fridge door by giving it a <unk> with my <unk> . how do you do it ?
tom and i had to go there together .
mary told me she didn 't get enough sleep last night .
tom is easy to see through .
she can 't be over thirty ; she must still be in her <unk> .
i didn 't come to see you , but to see tom .
this is the only possible time for doing that .
i need a woman in my life .
i will shoot him .
she told me that she 'd also do that .
i knew that tom would cry .
i have homework that has to been done tonight .
i think that all the pieces are there .
i want you to know i 'll never do that again .
they said that they regrets doing that .
i guess it 's only fair .
are you speaking english ?
sometimes we forget to do things that need to be done .
they said that they wanted to retire .
she hasn 't said what she plans to do .
she was asking for it .
you are , so to speak , a fish out of water .
he got married , didn 't he ?
tom said that he was going to do that every day after he retired .
she made a deal with the devil .
what a fine day it is !
be careful . don 't drop the <unk> .
i 'm scared to talk to them .
does this video remind you of something ?
we had not gone very far when it started to rain .
tom has been on board since october .
tom told me that he thought that mary was beautiful .
there is no market for these goods in japan .
tom went first .
it was a very calm day in the stock market .
the bottle was filled with what looked like sand .
layla and sami spent eight hours together on their first date .
give me a goodbye kiss .
i think that would be nice .
it isn 't just about money .
he swore he would take revenge in a terrible way .
i looked at my bank account book , and <unk> discovered that i had an extra $ 50 !
tell us something about that .
you still plan to go , don 't you ?
tom says he hopes mary won 't ask him to do that .
mary told tom that she thought john was <unk> .
mary left her ticket at home .
i asked if i was really required to do that .
it 's getting late and i have to get up early tomorrow .
mary told everyone that she was upset .
i think tom and mary are a little too optimistic .
men don 't read instructions .
i gave money to the old man in the road .
there is a bus on the street .
tom was beginning to feel ignored .
who 's going to drive me to the airport ?
most americans do not object to my calling them by their first names .
you 're so generous .
we found the key at last .
small world .
i thought you said that you lived in boston .
i 'm really sorry about what happened last night .
i want to get involved with business <unk> .
it is <unk> reading classical works of literature .
i don 't think tom is sure that that 's what he has to do .
i didn 't feel like <unk> her for being late .
he is always on the go .
how did you know that tom was dating mary ?
he ate lunch at his desk .
i went food shopping .
why does she have a knife in her hand ?
i didn 't know how much sugar to add .
layla took the hijab off .
i will borrow a pen .
when do we have to do that ?
tom said he 's glad no one was injured in the accident .
tom doesn 't practice the piano as much as he used to .
tom and mary said that they grew up in boston .
i suspect tom didn 't need to do that , but i think he did it anyway .
i would never have thought tom was capable of <unk> a crime .
do you want some cake , too ?
i never left the building .
it 's been getting worse .
you do that every week , don 't you ?
mary says she never lies to tom , but she often does .
did you get good grades in junior high school ?
tom said that he doesn 't want to invite mary to his party .
love has <unk> before us , like a an <unk> in the night , and has reached the two of us .
are you sure you 're not busy ?
tom lit the <unk> on mary 's birthday cake .
traveling is a <unk> i can 't afford .
i will have my sister pick you up at the station .
they told me they were working .
you will pay for this .
it is an economy to buy good quality goods .
tom wants our help .
tom and mary wouldn 't have passed the test if john hadn 't helped them study .
did tom do something wrong ?
tom warned me not to talk to mary again .
could you translate that for me ?
what was i wearing at that time ? do you remember ?
it 's not likely tom will come .
were you nervous ?
would we have done any better ?
i bet she is younger than me .
i hope it works out that way .
i had a lot of things to do yesterday .
are you positive you saw me turn the <unk> off ?
i know that tom knows why i wanted to do that .
colour the picture .
sami isn 't as crazy as everybody thinks he is .
the man is keeping me down .
climbing that mountain was a piece of cake .
i thought i could have done better .
we were in the living room when we heard the <unk> .
he said he hopes you 'll do that .
i 'm not going to turn her in .
we haven 't seen that yet .
tom asked us not to make any noise .
you kiss like a fish .
copy this page in your notebook .
the entire nation was glad at the news .
father enjoyed a long life .
i 'm convinced that i can do that .
if i can help you with something , just ask .
they say they 'd like to win .
he started his job in his early <unk> .
there is a church near my house .
i 'll help you as soon as i 've done that .
tom will let you win .
turn left at the first light .
i 'm not the only one who doesn 't need to do that .
the rain changed to snow .
there seems to be some problem with the <unk> system .
tom didn 't know what kind of snake had <unk> him .
tom makes quite a bit of money .
tom hates parties .
tom is very familiar with the system .
why are tom and mary busy ?
i don 't need to hear it twice .
i don 't know whether tom is a good teacher or not .
linda developed a <unk> relationship with dan 's children .
how were you able to help ?
weren 't you angry ?
there 's no good reason not to go .
you know what you said .
he was born in the united states of america .
i don 't see tom dancing .
tom said he thought that he 'd be able to help us do that .
a group of children were playing in the park .
will you come ?
sami was impatient with the kids .
we know you 're sick .
mary lent me her car .
tom got in the water .
i think you ought to pay more attention in class .
i think tom and mary really have to do that .
mary was fired from her job .
i don 't think tom would let me help him .
tom said that he plans to stay in boston .
what would you say to that ?
tom told mary that she needed to be careful not to make john angry .
i might need to do that by myself .
do you like action movies ?
he died a slow horrible death after <unk> to all his friends that the cause of his <unk> was that which he did in <unk> .
mary is both intelligent and kind .
a stranger <unk> about the way to the station .
mary always puts herself first .
there 's a movie <unk> on the east side of the <unk> , about ten minutes walk from here .
tom slept on the train .
she knows that she 's been lied to .
yeah , it 's going very well .
i know i shouldn 't be here .
tell her that everyone is here .
sami was hiding many secrets .
the club elected a new group of <unk> .
there 's really no choice .
tom and mary said they weren 't prepared .
i really think we 're safe here .
tom said it wasn 't likely to happen .
i don 't have much of a choice .
she took her pencil and started to write .
why did you stay home yesterday ?
i 'd like for you to tell me exactly what happened .
i haven 't told anyone .
i won 't be able to finish this by tomorrow .
i definitely said that .
tom and mary say they don 't plan on doing that anymore .
did you attend harvard ?
sami knocked on layla 's door .
tom spent christmas on his own .
i intended to go straight home , but my <unk> led me , <unk> , to the library .
i wonder why tom is so angry .
you should have bought tom a more expensive gift .
did you enjoy the last movie you saw ?
i want this dog .
all we want is information .
he told everyone that we were married .
tom reported mary missing .
i would like to go and have a drink .
this is the only thing i want .
today is tomorrow 's yesterday .
i 'm looking forward to doing that .
i think that tom is much younger than mary .
i saw you in my dream .
my son told me all about you .
she said that she 'd likely do that .
how can we make this a <unk> situation ?
tom might know how to speak french .
tom is a <unk> person , isn 't he ?
tom is one of our best customers .
he 's likely to forget his promise .
how did you hear about us ?
mary said she wished she hadn 't eaten that .
i don 't know this word 's meaning .
sami doesn 't have time for it .
i had a very important decision to make .
i 'd like to pay for the <unk> .
i know tom knows that he 's supposed to do that .
the poor have no relatives .
all three of us want to do that .
hey , give me a chance .
it 's hot in kyoto in the summer .
she forgot to bring her lunch today .
i 'm hoping i 'll be given another chance .
mary told me where she was planning to go .
excuse me , how much is this ?
he was sitting beside his brother .
we 're coming in .
sami 's daughter needed help .
can somebody get them drinks ?
tom and mary weren 't planning to go until john asked them to .
tell tom to give mary this .
why don 't we take a short break ?
i wonder who would buy an expensive thing like this .
mary let her guard down .
i was surprised when mary asked me to play tennis with her .
they 've told me that they need to do that .
where did you buy this coffee ?
we 'll meet them at the gate .
they have been helped .
i don 't want to work at a supermarket all my life .
she is reluctant to marry him .
please sit down !
this morning i got up an hour earlier than usual .
i can go .
it 's a <unk> she 's still alive .
it doesn 't seem that big .
i don 't seem to remember who i am .
now that he is old , it is your duty to look after him .
tom said mary is worried about john .
i wasn 't raised like that .
tom probably doesn 't know how rich mary is .
you were always good at getting tom to do what you wanted him to .
he was seen going out of the house .
tom is likely to wait .
i don 't have anyone to <unk> on .
i will properly carry out the things that i said myself .
i think i 'd like to be a teacher .
we 'll make sure mary knows what she 's supposed to do .
i live in this house by myself .
sami and layla go to the same school .
tom wasn 't being completely honest .
i tried on the shirt .
are you good at sight reading music ?
tom ran back to the truck to get a <unk> .
they will hold talks tomorrow .
tom and mary said they didn 't think john could do that .
both of them are kind and honest .
the lift seems to be out of order .
hey , don 't touch anything !
you and i can work together .
i don 't know what i need to do yet .
i didn 't know anything about tom at the time .
tom said that he 'd be there by 2 : 30 .
sami was a little late .
this is where it 's all happening .
this cold weather isn 't usual for june .
smiling can make us happy .
you said that half an hour ago .
right now , tom just wants to be left alone .
tom said he thought that i might not be permitted to do that .
he lived on <unk> and water for three days .
they walked side by side .
this stuff is good .
you should have done so .
i forgot what a handsome guy tom is .
not only you but i also was to blame .
tom 's <unk> touched off a violent argument .
is it going well ?
tom and mary were both born in australia and they grew up there .
i 'm really into football .
tom took me by the hand .
tom considered the problem .
tom has been ready to do that for a while .
do you want to say me it was all just a dream ?
i won the first prize .
tom and mary say they hope john knows he ought to do that .
who will save us ?
tom said he was too lazy to do that .
tom looked through all his desk <unk> , but he still couldn 't find what he was looking for .
i just left him .
it was there for the taking .
sami had a good sense of humor .
tom is my neighbor , but i don 't know him very well .
mary said she thought tom might not need to do that by himself .
she stole her father 's car .
i 'm moving as fast as i can .
have you ever listened to such a good music ?
mary doesn 't know she shouldn 't do that .
it took little more than an hour .
i have already spoken to tom about that .
dan had to cover linda 's funeral costs .
tom didn 't seem to be in a good mood .
tell me a little bit about yourself .
could i have some more coffee ?
what practice ?
i 'm sure mary would 've told me if she 'd known .
i met a friend of tom 's this morning .
look , tom , we have to move .
tom and mary are afraid of me .
my memory is not what it used to be .
sami and layla started on their life project .
sami wasn 't in the mood to record a video .
did mary ever tell you how she first met tom ?
tom thought it was too late to help mary .
tom and mary made themselves <unk> butter sandwiches .
tom and mary said they aren 't sure john should do that .
the <unk> arrived in new york in the evening .
i know that tom wishes i were dead .
of course , you are not supposed to write in your <unk> .
on the house , tom .
since there were living men until now , there never was another <unk> .
what you 're doing is useless , but do it .
funny how ? funny <unk> or funny odd ?
tom and mary aren 't home .
i 'll buy that for tom .
it 's not as if i had read all the books on the shelf .
i just realized tom is older than mary .
i was much <unk> by the sad news .
you are old enough to stand on your own feet .
no one 's certain .
i think it 's time to run .
i didn 't have a bicycle when i was growing up .
mary said that she wasn 't coming .
he 's well liked by his students .
my wife wouldn 't like that .
not just anybody can do that .
i had no idea that tom knew how to speak french .
i visited tom when i was in australia .
now , get me a drink .
tom thought that he 'd be able to help us today .
tom and mary said they 'd never come back here again .
would you like soup or salad as a side dish ?
these pills act on the heart .
i 'll never forget what happened .
<unk> changed the way we see the world .
mary didn 't take an umbrella with her .
" you ok ? " " <unk> ... yes , it 's nothing . "
he can no more swim than i can fly .
why didn 't you call out to anyone ?
i know you 'll pay me back when you have the money .
union members will vote today on whether to take <unk> action .
you know it 'll be your duty from tomorrow on .
how did you figure it out ?
can you give me any advice ?
i went there yesterday .
tom went to boston to find work .
" have you done your homework ? " " i don 't have any homework . "
it 's a small noisy apartment , but it 's where i live and i call it home .
will you tell me where to buy the ticket ?
tom said he shouldn 't have walked home by himself .
we can stay here as long as we want .
that is such a cute accent .
why did you want him to leave ?
tom and mary are both here .
tom began to realize that mary was lying .
i 'm sure tom knows what to do .
i forgot to bring my health insurance card .
the boy claims he knows nothing about it .
i 'm willing to go anywhere you go .
tom is frequently free in the afternoon .
call me after you get back home .
i wasn 't making fun of her .
mary herself might have done that .
i don 't think that tom needs to be here .
you couldn 't live without me .
tom is probably busy .
neither mary nor john can swim .
tom is going to rent a car and drive around australia .
i 'm going to need to do that sooner or later .
i thought that i was the only one here who could speak french .
he is very sensitive .
she 'll do that when she has time .
be a little more careful next time .
tom has more money than i do .
have tom and mary already left for boston ?
they asked me if i could help them .
neither tom nor mary has a lot of problems to deal with .
can i go to boston with you ?
if you stick around after class , i can help you with your essay .
in the center of the house , lying all over his mother 's body waiting to be buried .
tom plans to live there someday .
i could tell that tom was in a lot of pain .
tom reached into the <unk> box and pulled out a photo album .
i don 't want to resign my job at present .
i still have to do that , don 't i ?
what do you think tom is about to do ?
tom says he already knows how to do that .
tom woke the children up and told them to get ready for school .
tom and mary seemed surprised when john told them they didn 't need to do that .
i enjoy looking at old family pictures .
right is of no sex . truth is of no color .
i moved hoping i 'd be left alone but it just wasn 't the case .
sami forced layla out of the office .
how could i choose between mary and alice ?
tom won 't give mary money .
mary told me that she was done .
nothing much has changed .
tom and mary said they were told not to do that anymore .
i haven 't yet finished my homework .
i had no <unk> that you were coming .
where are we ?
tom and i don 't always do the same thing .
i want you to succeed .
i want you to do that in october .
i wish i could get tom to stop doing that .
that 's what i was working on .
tom is popular at school .
he thought he might win .
tom and mary told me they wanted to go .
the kids wanted to play .
i think doing that would be crazy .
tom has no intention of staying in boston for the rest of his life .
i ended up doing something that i wish i hadn 't done .
his story was so funny that everyone could not help laughing .
<unk> to the second world war , world war i was <unk> to as the great war .
pick any card .
how do you use this ?
i wonder if tom really found anything .
i 'm not done with her yet .
i pay my bills on time .
are your parents home ?
i wonder what i should do .
tom and mary both know what 'll happen if they do that .
tom looked like he was frightened .
she said she felt bad .
tom barely passed the exam .
he looked as if he knew all about it .
you 're going to get much <unk> with this book .
although the pressure of studying at the university of <unk> is very high , many students still have time to go out and have fun .
why be afraid ?
she knows the art of making money .
tom and mary ate quietly in the <unk> .
a friend of his told me .
in the future , you have to get here on time .
does she like me ?
he was ill , and so they were quiet .
tom has the information we need .
he wants to <unk> his son with a good education .
i only like to drink cold drinks .
they aren 't as stupid as they seem .
i 'm sure tom understands that .
tom wasn 't expecting you to do that for mary .
it 's important that we remember that .
there are clean <unk> inside the closet and on the table .
we had to do that .
i don 't like to be out late at night .
tom didn 't need mary to tell him how to do that .
mother has made me what i am .
i don 't think that anyone has told tom yet .
it would take too long to explain .
i know tom knows why i needed to do that .
i still think that might happen .
i 'm pretty sure that tom is thirsty .
how about going to the movies on saturday ?
i really have missed you .
layla is a muslim woman and she wears the hijab .
tom got here before everybody else .
i don 't want to fight this .
tom talks too much .
what 's going to happen next ?
tom is obviously upset with mary 's behavior .
tom said that he didn 't want to go to boston with mary .
tom and mary denied that they told john to do that .
i was a fool to have tried <unk> something to you that i don 't understand myself .
i heard the report .
tom said that he didn 't think mary would be able to do that .
tom and mary said that they 'd never ever do that .
there will be no school a week from today .
she makes me eat so much fruit .
who are we kidding ?
you 're both very polite .
i think that tom is jealous .
i am not in the least interested in such a thing .
tom warned mary not to be late .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was crazy .
we need to talk about our relationship .
" is mary in boston ? " " yes , she is . "
tom said that he knew both of the <unk> .
i knew i wasn 't going to get there in time .
we 'll be watching you .
i don 't think tom knows why mary kept doing that .
i didn 't need you .
i don 't write letters .
what are your plans now ?
how many of these things have you made ?
she said she won 't walk home today .
i don 't want to hang out with tom anymore .
tom said mary is probably still doing that now .
sami and layla need to have a discussion about this .
she died of natural causes .
i knew tom was afraid of everyone .
she said she 's been very happy here .
i didn 't know you even knew tom .
tom is guilty .
there is not enough demand for this product .
if you know where tom lives , tell me .
can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity ?
my opinion is that you ought to let tom go .
don 't you think we made the wrong decision ?
they never know what to say .
mary isn 't as young as tom thinks she is .
is that all tom and mary do ?
tom climbed into the truck and drove off .
" hold it like this . " " like that ? " " no , like this . "
tom and mary said they 'd be in a meeting until 2 : 30 .
she told me that she 'd be fair .
tom made plans .
what color do you plan to paint your kitchen ?
i don 't trust my government .
sami believed everything .
it 's unlikely that tom will do that now .
we 're sure we can do that .
that wasn 't nice .
tom 's shoes are new , but mary 's aren 't .
the airport was new . i went inside and had a look .
tom and mary told john they weren 't busy .
tom and mary said they were really thirsty .
i think that tom used to be one of the <unk> at the school where mary teaches .
tom said he didn 't think he could do that right now .
i just did what she told me to do .
she told me she can 't do that .
don 't tell her why .
you belong in a better place than this .
sami still regrets this .
i don 't think tom is as shy as mary .
the boy <unk> the heavy box with one hand .
has anybody seen my wallet ?
i 'm lucky to have this .
there 's a chance that tom won 't be at work on monday .
we never would 've allowed tom to go there by himself .
tom has told me he can do that .
but it isn 't enough for you .
i always knew it would happen one time or another .
i like summer holidays better than school .
tom said that goodbye and went home .
he paid all his bills .
war may break out at any moment .
i told them to wait over there .
he felt his heart beat faster .
i don 't really know what to do .
you should look into the matter at once .
tom forgot all about the meeting .
tom and mary said they felt strong .
mary has lots of things she has to buy .
what are we supposed to be doing ?
let 's pick a name for the child .
tom told mary that he wouldn 't win .
mary is holding it .
mary was afraid to tell her parents .
tom has more homework than i do .
sami was <unk> his father off of him .
i don 't think i have enough money .
tom and mary are a perfect match for each other .
you can turn off the tv if you like . i 'm not watching it .
they said they weren 't very happy .
i just told her .
because of the change in canadian marriage laws , many american <unk> came to canada to get married .
i never drank a drop in my life .
but they never lose their way .
thanks for being on time .
i should 've worked out more .
that 's what 's going on .
we can stay here for as long as our <unk> of food and water hold out .
you do know how to do that , don 't you ?
plans for a new trade <unk> are still on the drawing board .
it probably won 't be dangerous to do that .
people around here often do that .
did you tell the police what tom did ?
tom is crazy about tennis , isn 't he ?
it 's not me you have to convince .
do you think i should ask tom for help ?
dan always carried a gun .
i don 't think mary knows she shouldn 't be doing that here .
that 's important to know .
tom must 've known mary wouldn 't want to sing .
tom has told me he needs to go to boston .
the children are called tom and mary .
it all started because of this .
it was meant as a <unk> , so i didn 't want to tell him that he had missed the point .
how lucky we are !
this sofa takes up too much space .
they said that they didn 't feel well today .
can a child do such a cruel thing ?
tom said that he hasn 't yet decided what he 'll do .
he 's rich rather than poor .
i don 't have any friends to talk to .
you should ask him yourself .
sami forced layla to lie .
tom knows we aren 't going to do that .
do you take your tea with <unk> or with milk ?
tom and mary are asleep , aren 't they ?
no one has shown up as yet , but we 're expecting at least 50 students .
tom and mary didn 't need to go if they didn 't want to .
we 've got nothing left to talk about .
i know that tom wouldn 't mind doing that for mary .
tom and mary are the same height .
you 're alive , aren 't you ?
tom said he 'll leave the door open .
there 's a good chance that tom doesn 't know what mary has done .
i know you 'll enjoy this book .
don 't you want to see her ?
tom is wearing my cap .
we can use all the help we can get .
sami wasn 't even trying to hear me .
we don 't have to worry about any more <unk> from tom .
he 's out for a walk .
tom wanted to know everything about me .
i did not know that she has a child .
that sounds strange .
tom isn 't likely to <unk> mary as much as john does .
does it sound like i 'm in love ?
tom is at the computer .
tom pretended to be ill .
tom told me that i should go back to australia .
they were carried away by the police .
she put her cup down on the counter .
tom ought to apologize .
i know that tom is a college professor .
tom looks ready .
i wonder if tom and i are really supposed to do that .
how are you guys ?
when to set off is a difficult problem .
tom and mary pretended that they didn 't hear john calling their names .
i 'm sure tom wouldn 't be forgiven if he did that .
sami came into the store .
this is the worst ! i 've gone and washed my pants with <unk> still in the pocket .
i really feel bad .
i have someone you should meet .
i come here as often as i can .
he might be able to help me .
i don 't think tom really meant that .
what 're you doing sitting here alone in the dark ?
tom thinks he should agree to do that .
we need to know .
tom thinks that i 'm always putting myself in danger .
why don 't you like me ?
he broke his arm and they had to put <unk> on it .
even when i sat in the sun , i was cold .
tom is getting married this fall .
why aren 't you doing something about it ?
tom and mary frequently do that when they 're scared .
his father died when he was a boy .
nothing new .
you are curious , aren 't you ?
it takes more time to prepare the car for getting painted than it takes for the <unk> paint job itself .
i don 't want them to hate me .
tom and mary said they expected us do the same thing they did .
i know that i 'm not the <unk> girl in the world .
he worked hard ; otherwise he would have failed in the examination .
what difference did that make ?
tom will try to help mary .
her new boyfriend is black .
tom offered to sell mary a stolen violin .
sami didn 't tell anybody else .
i 'm sorry that i couldn 't come to tom 's funeral .
i have a natural ability in mathematics .
who did you hang out with last weekend ?
tom and i 've just gotten back from australia .
tom sometimes wears a hat .
tom and i are very happy together .
where 's your hat ?
tom knew mary wasn 't happy , even though she said she was .
mary dropped her glass .
the <unk> <unk> american baby comes home from the hospital to sleep in his own bed in his own room .
he missed tom .
tom helped mary fix the broken lamp .
i don 't like talking about football .
this time i 'm paying .
let 's open the box and see what 's inside it .
tom didn 't so much as look at me .
i told tom he should get more exercise .
they told me they 'd changed their plans .
tom admitted that he was tempted to do that .
who should we do that with ?
he 's going to lend me his umbrella .
we tend to use more and more electric <unk> in the home .
cold as it was , we went out .
tom said that he wished that he hadn 't <unk> with mary .
can the meeting be finished within two hours ?
i need to go home .
that depends , but usually about three times a week .
everything that has meaning can be called language .
tom is going to attend the meeting in my place .
love is a great <unk> . you cannot live without it but at the same time you will be hurt by it .
the magazine only costs two pounds , including <unk> .
tom and mary said they 'd be a bit late .
tom didn 't know he wasn 't supposed to do that by himself .
no one lives in this house . everyone is dead .
are both tom and mary teachers ?
i don 't think you understand me .
perhaps you could tell me why you 're here .
she 's rich , young and beautiful .
tom said that could never happen .
tom said he thought that he could help us today .
i just don 't feel it 's appropriate .
tom noticed everything .
i heard an unusual sound .
they kissed each other .
i know that tom doesn 't want to do that with us .
they made you laugh , didn 't they ?
tom said he was unable to do everything he wanted to do .
i need to find it .
tom is supposed to come over this afternoon .
on the <unk> , i 'd never say such a thing .
i know that tom is a little early .
are you very seriously ill ?
it is a black hole .
do you have any comment about that ?
at which <unk> did you spend the night ?
she laid herself on the grass .
we 're so proud of you !
please don 't tell us what to do .
nobody ever does anything .
what are little girls made of ? sugar and <unk> and everything nice .
sami was talking about layla 's sister .
layla was afraid for sami 's life .
tom knew that there was a possibility mary wouldn 't do that .
tom and mary told me that they had to do that .
i was surprised when i got a call from my daughter 's <unk> , saying that she had suddenly <unk> . she had struck her head , so i was worried , but was relieved when i was <unk> by the hospital that they had found nothing wrong with her .
tom pulled out his knife and <unk> the apple .
is it really your day off ?
i have what i need .
you 've found something .
i have many friends who speak fluently , but still don 't sound like native speakers .
mary is an art <unk> , isn 't she ?
layla 's baby just wants his mom .
no one will hurt you .
is there anyone you 'd like us to <unk> ?
it isn 't good to do that .
tom said he heard mary 's voice .
tom was having a lot of fun .
tom has something we want , so we need to find something he wants that we can trade with him .
sami can 't even remember who the author read .
an <unk> person in the street fell and broke a leg .
sami came and went .
let 's have a contest .
i think i know how to find tom .
she set the <unk> down on the table .
you must do your duty , whether you like it or not .
i know tom would be able to talk mary into doing that .
according to him , she is honest .
you got in pretty late last night .
tom said that there 's nothing he can do to help .
mary had the time of her life .
we regret you 've become involved .
tom said that mary has never seen john dance .
we 're drawing .
the photo was passed from hand to hand .
i don 't think tom knows what i said to mary .
mary said that she understood french .
everybody 's talking about it .
tom is going to be there next week .
don 't you ever get bored doing that ?
it seems like tom enjoys doing that .
she burst out crying .
tom needs to do everything they tell him .
are you sure you have enough time to eat ?
he lives in the house the red roof of which you see over there .
why didn 't you say something to tom ?
we have to wake up .
tom told mary not to waste her money on such a thing .
i told tom to behave himself .
i wonder whether tom is still busy .
give me one reason why i should help you do that .
they say that they won 't speak french .
you 'll help tom do that after supper , won 't you ?
tom doesn 't live here in australia .
tom said mary was likely to be <unk> .
sami was wild and unable to be <unk> .
let 's get some fresh air .
tom didn 't have any money , so he couldn 't buy any food .
have you ever met <unk> at the library ?
she had a few more drinks .
take off your wet clothes .
it 's so comfortable here , i really feel at home .
tom said he wasn 't interested in that .
since <unk> , algeria has been an independent state .
tom said that he wasn 't mary 's son .
it 'll be fun .
he <unk> me of his father when he speaks .
sami wasn 't too scared .
have you ever invited tom to your parties ?
tom said that mary isn 't drunk .
what you said was in the main right .
i 'm going to be busy tomorrow .
oh , how beautiful ! it 's exactly what i 've always wanted !
what do i need this for ?
tom was just a little fellow when his <unk> moved here .
tom said mary will likely be too slow .
you can only make local calls from the room ; you can go to the front desk to call <unk> .
it won 't be necessary to do that .
please don 't tell anyone tom and i are here .
tom didn 't have to say that .
don 't tell me she actually believes that nonsense .
i don 't speak esperanto well .
i should 've been with him .
i bought a camera , but i lost it the next day .
we will take it to the <unk> customers .
sami 's city was bad .
the baby girl didn 't let me see the toy .
do you want to end up like them ?
why do you have to put me down all the time ?
i don 't think that it would be possible to do that .
it 's good to have all this stuff translated into as many languages as possible .
tom said that mary was very confused .
tom and mary are both overweight .
my mother set the table .
tom is very clever indeed .
take a chance .
autumn is <unk> for study , compared with spring .
please be patient with me .
he doesn 't know where he should go .
that person is drunk .
he almost convinced me .
tom and i went to boston together .
i don 't think that you 'll like this movie .
i hope tom and mary did what we asked them to do .
you don 't like it , do you ?
mary couldn 't get the tickets you asked her to buy .
who saw what ?
i didn 't agree to let tom do that .
heaven helps those who help themselves .
i don 't know anything about tom 's plan .
we 're planning on going tomorrow , aren 't we ?
what does that have to do with tom ?
you 've always been so good to me .
in the short time tom was away from his desk , mary <unk> something in his <unk> .
sami and layla were going at each other .
i can barely pay my rent .
they keep a lot of animals in the zoo .
i would often take a walk before breakfast .
what 's the name of tom 's girlfriend ?
i met tom on my way home .
layla is with a boy .
tom says he 's planning on buying mary a gift .
fadil found it very easy to learn the arabic <unk> .
you called .
tom went to australia to do that .
how fast was tom driving ?
tom and mary both want to do that now .
tom explained why it was a good idea to do that .
look who beat you .
the first step is very difficult .
tom said he didn 't think that mary would win .
sami loves his sister so much .
tom and i sat on the bench together .
i knew you could beat tom easily .
tom is in the hospital waiting room .
tom could have been mad , but he didn 't look that way .
i should have worn gloves .
she sold her car three weeks ago .
i 'll never give up .
i knew tom knew when mary was going to do that .
i wonder if tom and mary will be able to do that by themselves .
he hates sports .
that day was an important <unk> in our project .
the situation is desperate .
tom took care of my dog while i was away .
i suddenly feel very weak .
i felt very scared . i had never seen something like this before . it was so dangerous , she told <unk> .
he has gone to spain .
we need to call someone .
he immediately left us .
tom never said he 'd go with us .
i don 't think that this is going to be much fun .
tom and mary are looking for someone to help them build a wall .
the price of the car is too high .
tom asked if he really had to do that by himself .
she has said she wants to do that .
tom said that he 's better at doing that than mary .
he can hear the grass growing .
you are not allowed to go in there !
tom said , " let 's do that . "
i don 't doubt that one bit .
i think both tom and mary want to go to boston .
i don 't know anything about it at all .
please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning .
tom said that he thinks that his parents are going to get divorced .
tom saw mary doing that yesterday .
she wants to see you .
sami didn 't agree with layla .
we are all <unk> for peace in the world .
today was a pleasant day .
i go to work .
let 's take a break for a second .
he bought everything he needed .
tom said that he 'd like to know why mary did that .
these are the questions .
i will give him the book tomorrow .
you were never in any real danger .
she put her pencil down .
tom slept in the guest room .
don 't give up , ever .
she hung on his every word .
this garden is at its best in summer .
tom promised he 'd call as soon as he arrived .
why doesn 't she play with me anymore ?
bring mary back . i need her .
tom said he 'll be in australia next week .
did you carry out your plan ?
tom had a chance to meet mary in australia .
stop . this is not funny .
dan couldn 't find anyone to give him a ride home .
everyone knows our names .
i 'd rather have a room of my own , however small it may be .
if you 're cold , it 's ok to turn on the <unk> .
tom and mary could do that if they put their minds to it .
do they always keep the dog tied to the gate ?
she has a perfect body .
tom was asked to appear on television .
don 't you have a speech to make ?
i knew i would win .
i know that wasn 't the answer you wanted .
tom doesn 't live too far from the station .
she needs to wash her face .
i don 't think tom was intoxicated .
i usually eat lunch with tom two or three times a week .
tom and mary told me that they were <unk> by that .
let 's be content with what we have .
tom asked whether mary knew what she was supposed to do .
i believe that she has never told a lie .
do you need help moving ?
this is twice as large as that .
tom said he didn 't want to be seen with mary .
i want to be that doctor 's patient .
you 'll be on time , won 't you ?
tom thinks that mary won 't be suspicious .
the plane tom and mary were on crashed .
love your neighbor .
i know tom doesn 't often do that .
don 't blame yourself , tom .
" you are joking . " " i was never more serious in my life . "
today is this boy 's birthday .
that 's not what tom really wants .
you seem to be afraid of dogs .
tom did the right thing and called the police .
i know it takes courage .
tom said he likes the sound of that .
tom knows who told mary to do that .
i got to school very late this morning .
i told her i wouldn 't do it .
the students <unk> out of the class as soon as the bell rang .
it 's broken again .
this can 't wait until tomorrow .
i went swimming last monday .
sami isn 't going to eat this thing .
she already knows what she 'll do .
it 's not that cold .
tom said that it was mary who told him that he should do that .
i won 't be able to come tomorrow .
we 'll be moving to australia next year .
everyone spoke at the same time .
the door to tom 's room was closed .
what 's tom do ?
tom didn 't think mary would be present at today 's meeting .
i don 't think that tom is lazy .
he asked me to go to a movie with him .
tom said that he 's been to boston .
tom said he was the one responsible for what had happened .
one thing , however , is much less <unk> , which is , that out of the matters <unk> in those books , together with the <unk> of some old stories , the church has set up a system of religion very <unk> to the character of the person whose name it bears .
it seems like the right thing to do .
that wasn 't as difficult to do as i thought it would be .
i see that you 've got yourself a new girlfriend .
we 'll probably be the first ones to leave .
i have nothing to say on this matter .
i assume tom can 't swim .
tom and mary do that whenever they have a chance .
i cut classes and went to the mall .
tom eventually realized that the umbrella he was using wasn 't his own .
we 've met several times .
did you get this from him ?
mary didn 't tell tom that she loved him .
i admire him for his courage .
i need to go to the bank to <unk> money .
tom and mary realized they barely had enough time to do what they wanted to do .
tom knows i 'm older than he is .
i 'm not the one you should be talking to .
in <unk> to which she 's been in a really good mood recently .
i can 't shake the feeling that there 's someone else in the house with us .
i met her at the station , but i did not recognize her in <unk> .
she said she felt a little guilty .
you need to be very talented to do that the way tom does it .
sami and layla live together .
sami found a lost dog on the beach .
tom thinks that he 's a pretty good singer .
everyone looked unhappy .
i didn 't know that you weren 't planning on doing that by yourself .
he likes taking care of the garden .
i saw tom before he saw me .
it 's not going to end well .
sami did his job .
take tom somewhere .
the question is where have tom and mary gone .
my son often <unk> me by asking a lot of questions .
mary didn 't have any money , so she couldn 't go with me .
we <unk> that christmas sales will be better than expected .
i am well able to manage on my own .
tom makes friends everywhere he goes .
i thought that you weren 't finished doing that .
tom wasn 't able to get mary to understand what he meant .
i get paid thirty dollars an hour .
this place is sort of romantic .
tom saw mary on tv .
we still have to find tom .
do they celebrate mother 's day in your native country ?
tom and mary did what they could in the short amount of time they had .
i think tom really wanted to win .
sami felt real peace .
he studies chinese .
tom couldn 't find what he needed .
sami loves facebook .
tom and mary say they 're not the only ones who didn 't do that .
mary told tom she didn 't eat out very often .
he made it known where the president had gone .
tom may end up dead if he isn 't careful .
i didn 't mean to make you uncomfortable .
i haven 't had a lot of time to think about that yet .
i heard that tom kissed mary .
we have to get as much information as possible .
are you sure there isn 't any easier way to do this ?
were you the one who did that ?
i can tell my best friend everything .
she was asking me if i was able to write .
i thought i 'd check out what 's happening in australia .
leave them there .
i wish i could 've helped you more .
we 're talking about them .
it goes without saying .
i owe you money .
tom is likely to be depressed .
many friends came to see us off .
if your baby <unk> , take him to the doctor .
we talked the night away .
i 'll text you later .
i wonder if <unk> it as " i love you " is taking too much of a liberty .
tom hasn 't been able to contact mary by phone .
no human power can manage that .
who are the famous <unk> in your country ?
sami has been doing some growing up .
which one will it be ?
i just got fired .
and they would play hide and go seek .
stop acting like such a fool .
tom told me i 'm difficult to get along with .
he says he wouldn 't do that .
is it going to snow soon ?
let them talk .
they go out of their way to avoid <unk> <unk> ; i go out of my way to seek it .
i don 't think that tom was sympathetic .
she prepared a wonderful meal for us .
i choose to do the things that you won 't so i can continue to do the things you can 't !
i 'm very cool .
keep quiet !
his ideas are up to date .
sami and layla hang out a lot .
make it so .
i chose all three options .
i 'm the one who turned off the lights .
tom has been working all day . he must be tired .
you are not coming .
tom and i won 't see each other again for a long time .
tom and i work in the same store .
do we have to make that decision today ?
i wonder whether i 've done everything i was supposed to do .
can you prove tom didn 't do that ?
i think you 're better off without tom .
no one likes tom very much .
we can trust them .
i suppose mary might not do what we asked her to do .
we have to be sure we 're right .
he was expected to make a decision .
tom and mary said they wished you 'd do that for them .
he has to check his blood pressure daily .
are we afraid of death ?
when they heard that their teacher was going to get married , everyone wanted to attend her wedding .
does tom really win every time he plays chess with mary ?
who knows how this day will end .
sami lives in an apartment building like layla .
i will accept my fate .
i doubt very seriously that will <unk> tom .
i knew that tom wouldn 't be allowed to do what he wanted .
we 'd better go find tom .
tom came down with a cold and couldn 't go to school .
i was just about to go out when it began to rain hard .
i couldn 't understand what tom was trying to say .
how will tom come to australia ?
tom was heartbroken when mary told him she was leaving him .
tom probably knows someone who can teach us french .
if man had wings , he would fly as a bird .
tom has learned a lot about australia from mary .
sami was single at the time .
tom isn 't so good at math .
tom and mary may leave if they want to .
when in rome ...
tom loved to help people .
i didn 't play well .
mary must have been very pretty when she was young .
could you tell me where i can get a train ?
when is tom planning to come over ?
sami let me and layla know about that .
i usually went to bed at ten during the summer vacation .
why did tom change his plans ?
she could not forget the handsome prince .
did you know there 's a rumor going around that you two are dating ?
i meet her at school now and then .
i lived with a <unk> family for a couple of months when i was younger .
tom and mary disagree on that point .
i 'll explain the matter to you later on .
she always goes home by herself .
i would be more careful if i were you .
i 'm hungry . i 'm not angry .
she said she was younger than she really was .
press the red button .
i don 't know how tom did it , but he did it .
i don 't know whether tom will agree to go or not .
tom should tell mary what he needs her to do .
what are you all looking at ?
tom and mary never told me where they worked .
i recommend that you don 't do that again .
we 're still at war .
do you want to know what happens next ?
there won 't be so many people there .
mary said she wanted some money .
tom asked me if i knew anyone living in australia .
cookies are delicious .
tom is getting ready to do that .
we 're better off now than we 've ever been .
he held a pen in his hands .
i hope tom stays in boston .
sami couldn 't even smell it .
we should have stayed in boston for a few more days .
warn tom not to do that anymore .
mary said she knew tom might not want to do that anymore .
i got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train .
tom was told to put up or shut up .
give me the next one .
what do you think that tom is about to do ?
i think tom would like to be in boston now .
would you mind making room for me ?
sami sat right in front of an old couple .
years of farm work have <unk> his body .
i 'm hoping tom will be here today .
that isn 't entirely tom 's fault .
she was disappointed , and angry with herself for being so .
" how did you like your breakfast , my <unk> ? " " oh , it had a wonderful <unk> quality . i 'm glad to have such a <unk> cook as you are . " " i am ever happy to serve you my best , my king . "
tom said he didn 't know where mary was planning to do that .
the patient is now out of danger .
tom and mary haven 't found what they 're looking for yet .
tom was on television last week .
he has no hope of getting ahead .
i could have caught that bus .
sami was high as fuck .
neither tom nor mary has spent any time in jail .
did you ask tom and mary if they wanted to do that by themselves ?
i wish you 'd study french .
did you really expect me to help you ?
i 'll ask tom to show me how to do that .
sami put the gun in the safe .
who is calling , please ?
i thought you were taking a nap .
this is the best method .
tom begged mary not to tell john about what had happened .
you love tom , don 't you ?
english is taught almost all over the world today .
tom , mary already has a boyfriend .
he is an honor to our country .
i have just one more thing to ask of you - get lost .
mary said that she thought tom was innocent .
we 're too tired to study .
mary would 've stayed longer if she could 've .
sami 's teacher made him have a seat next to layla .
i don 't intend to <unk> <unk> suicide , but i really wish parents would not make their children join in with them .
tom might do that now .
tom isn 't the only one who wants to leave .
is it already open ?
i lived in boston for many years .
tom wouldn 't allow me in his office .
i hope i 'm not the one who has to tell tom to do that .
it 's a dead tree .
tom will be back by the time you get here .
tom teaches french to his friends once a week .
i hoped that it would cheer him up .
this dish is best eaten cold .
tom doesn 't want to be a <unk> .
she has no opinion about religion .
good evening . how are you ?
both of them worked hard so that they could pass the entrance examination .
defend yourself !
i 'm glad that we visited australia .
tom had no right to do what he did .
tom and i weren 't the only ones who didn 't do that .
he dropped a vase .
sami had white teeth .
tom and mary 's little girl is starting to take her first <unk> steps .
they forgot i don 't like ice cream .
honey , i know the <unk> is tight , but do you think we could <unk> a bit and have a night out at a <unk> restaurant this weekend ?
there 's no need for that kind of behavior .
he 's hiding something .
all afternoon a violent storm <unk> the little town 's streets .
they didn 't mean what they said .
i 'm on the wrong bus .
tom still seems anxious .
it 's probably just my imagination .
they wouldn 't tell me anything over the phone .
tom could hear mary talking in the next room .
it looks like you came prepared .
first of all , may i have your name , please ?
i think tom and mary were joking .
tom is reliable .
tom and mary admitted they did what john said they shouldn 't do .
you didn 't really see a ghost - it was only <unk> .
it is hard for me to put my thoughts into words .
mary told me she was home last night .
tom told me he wasn 't in pain .
tell him what you just told me .
she told me that she felt offended .
i don 't blame tom for getting angry .
we never go to sleep before midnight .
i bought a watch for tom
sami and layla never took pictures together .
tom will be with us until next monday .
what did you want to say ?
when i arrived there , i found him .
the liar 's <unk> is , not in the least that he is not believed , but that he cannot believe any one else .
sami was saying all that stuff about layla .
the bus <unk> have been raised by 20 percent .
tom won 't be able to do that if mary doesn 't help him .
i didn 't know that tom wouldn 't help mary do that .
tom couldn 't find a good place to hide .
i am happy to meet you .
turn the corner and you 'll see the store you 're looking for .
she keeps a <unk> in her hand all the time .
i want to talk to him .
where will we eat ?
it won 't be so difficult to do that .
i couldn 't see him when i went out . i thought he should have gone .
you 're new , aren 't you ?
tom and mary ought to admit that they were wrong .
i think that tom recognized me .
i couldn 't speak to tom .
tom said that he hopes you like to do that .
tom treated mary as one of the family .
tom said he wanted mary to do that for him .
tom and mary told me they enjoyed the movie .
tom said that he thought that mary might not be permitted to do that again .
tom keeps secrets .
dan took five sleeping pills .
tom put on my shirt by mistake .
i don 't want to be too <unk> !
tom told me he felt tired .
act your age .
five minutes of sun on a normal day can be worth more than a whole day of sun on holidays .
mary said that she 's not busy .
why don 't you just tell tom you don 't want to do that ?
sami was having an affair with a <unk> .
i know tom is a safe driver .
what did tom say about what happened ?
tom is sitting at his usual table .
this is what people do every day .
this is getting crazy .
i can 't stand the noise from the street .
who gave them all that money ?
climate <unk> <unk> our understanding of <unk> and current climate conditions are often used to project how our world will change under future conditions .
she talks about you all the time .
tom won 't teach french here next year .
mary opened the door .
i don 't know what that animal is called .
tom said that mary is reluctant to do that for us .
tom warned mary that that would probably happen .
nobody really wants to do that .
you drank from my cup .
there 's probably somebody in that old house .
i just thought you might want to eat something .
mr tom <unk> has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work <unk> .
mary is much taller than me , isn 't she ?
sorry , i can 't stay for long .
on the whole , i 'm not interested in politics .
sami stole this from someone .
let me handle things .
he goes to school by bus .
i am on good terms with him . he always keeps his promises and is <unk> upon by everybody .
sami helped layla bring food .
please pay attention to what tom is saying .
tom may leave if he wants to .
i 've never known anyone as <unk> as you .
sami found notes from boys inside layla 's <unk> .
the <unk> must be happy to hear that .
i didn 't want to go with tom .
tom said he wished he hadn 't let mary kiss him .
don 't play hard to get with me .
she doesn 't need <unk> , but support .
i 'd like to read your new book .
the <unk> come to our country in winter .
tom knew better than to ask mary what she thought .
the two of us did that together .
linda claimed she was pregnant to force dan into marriage .
i know tom is capable of doing that .
do you have any pictures of your great grandparents ?
tom needs us to show him the way .
tom refused to join our team .
when would tom like to go there ?
i go there three times a year .
he took medical advice .
i am not a lawyer .
i am getting crazy according to everyone .
i will not stay here .
your kids have gone over the edge .
tom and mary obviously know their stuff .
i almost hit tom .
tom seemed to really enjoy talking with mary .
tom and mary told me they were relieved .
i want to check out now .
i 'm friendly with tom .
as far as i am concerned , i don 't think that 's true .
sami pulled the attic door down .
where do you intend to do that ?
i have no idea when i need to do that .
did you draw this ?
i 'm positive tom will do that .
sami shared the room with his brothers .
mary said that she did that by herself .
sami wasn 't on the guest list .
tom had a really difficult time doing that .
are you still willing to help ?
tom is alone in the house .
i left my umbrella behind in the taxi .
most people should think that .
sami 's manager was very cool .
close the box .
with this price , your product would not be competitive in the japanese market .
i can 't just give you this .
tom looked totally embarrassed .
can you recommend a place to stay in london ?
i 'll be able to help you .
his answer was <unk> ; none of us there expected it .
i 'm looking forward to seeing you again .
i must speak to you later about turkey .
tom has put the book on the desk .
are you looking for these ?
do you have any idea what it is ?
tom knew mary told everyone she was going to go to boston .
this isn 't all that complicated .
can we get help for them ?
why blame him ?
don 't buy her anything .
did you tell tom you were joking ?
i don 't like the way you <unk> this room .
tom had trouble finding this place .
tom said that he felt very sleepy .
we just knew we could do it .
stay away from my husband , you <unk> !
they pretended that they didn 't hear me .
we need someone with <unk> to do it .
when you 're beginning to look like the photo in your passport , you should go on a holiday .
tom wouldn 't let me look at his photo album .
it 's been raining again .
why is there always so much <unk> around you ?
i told tom that i didn 't think i 'd be able to do that by myself .
tom and mary have said they 'll win .
what do you suppose is in this box ?
i thought that i 'd like to do that .
i want to know what you 've discovered .
the roof was damaged by the storm .
is that a big deal ?
how was the picnic yesterday ?
pay no mind to the man behind the <unk> .
i guess i 'll find out next week .
tom called mary to tell her that he thought she should stay in boston for another three weeks .
mary was found dead in her garage .
tom is a bit crazy , isn 't he ?
you have too much to do .
i was just doing what needed to be done .
you 'll never see them again .
sami and layla were sitting in the living room , watching tv .
didn 't you enjoy dinner last night ?
i don 't like telling her the truth .
i thought you said that you weren 't going to do that .
tom and mary are in boston with their parents .
i wish you had helped me .
i know tom knows i don 't want to do that .
tom and mary locked themselves in their rooms and wouldn 't let anyone in .
i 'm good at japanese .
i think that tom has relatives in boston .
tom and mary said they 'd never do that again .
don 't go through the lobby .
the car made a left turn .
sami remembered things differently .
sami had a whole collection of china <unk> .
how did we miss it ?
tom didn 't go swimming with us yesterday .
i can 't picture tom doing that .
leave now , or you 'll miss the train .
tom and mary said they 'd found their keys .
i know tom isn 't still afraid to do that .
we aren 't grown up enough .
i didn 't know i was going to have to help tom with his homework .
<unk> <unk> gathered information about our planet onto a <unk> and sent it into space , so that other intelligent beings would find it .
thanks , tom . you 've been a big help !
there 's a wild dog around here .
it is easy for me to swim .
don 't air your dirty laundry in public .
i have no comment at this time .
wasn 't he fine in jail ?
sami was dating .
mary told me she did nothing wrong .
i can 't stay for as long as i 'd planned .
the water has been cleaned .
he sang a song to <unk> the atmosphere .
you 're not yet old enough to drive , are you ?
tom told me he thought mary used to play the <unk> .
i wish that i could be convinced otherwise .
tom and mary said that they might want to try doing that someday .
mary had a crush on tom when she was in high school .
she should do that by herself .
mary wants tom to know that if he ever needs help , all he has to do is ask her for it .
i don 't think tom was frightened .
sami doesn 't want to get layla in trouble .
i know that tom knew that he should 've done that by himself .
if i 'd known that tom needed help , i could 've helped him .
mary said that she was the last one to do that .
they have no right to be here .
tom isn 't the only one who didn 't say anything .
tom was very pleased with the results .
i know that tom can keep mary from doing that .
i don 't know where tom wants to live .
he 's a star in germany , but completely <unk> in america .
they say that they want to study french .
if it 's possible , i 'd like to exchange this for a larger size .
didn 't tom know he wasn 't supposed to do that ?
excuse me , where 's the american <unk> ?
i 'm married to her .
they 'd have been killed if the car had gone over the <unk> .
have you ever asked tom and mary why they don 't like doing that ?
who finds a friend , finds a <unk> .
where are the potatoes ?
i wish i could talk to every person in the world .
i came here to talk to them .
i 've been divorced three times .
which do you like better , ice cream or cake ?
tom didn 't have the confidence to do that by himself .
he was in a bad mood , which was rare for him .
tom said , " <unk> over , " forced his way in and sat down .
did you eat lunch with tom ?
that 's it , isn 't it ?
mary can 't stand it when tom <unk> around her while she 's cooking .
it 's been three weeks since tom broke his arm .
tom and mary need this .
sami would drink a lot .
tom and mary have very few friends in boston .
what a gun !
you look out of place .
tom and mary say they don 't think john really needed to do that .
maybe we could 've prevented this from happening .
mary thought she might be permitted to do that by herself .
tom never was very good at french .
tom will stay in boston until monday .
tom wouldn 't let me drive his car .
you 'd better do that while you still can .
tom has already decided that he 's going to tell mary .
please pass this to the other boys .
why do tom and i have to be the ones who make this decision ?
sami was always drinking .
tom left without warning .
how much more time do you <unk> you 'll need to do that ?
tom will be with me the whole time .
tom said he had to tell someone about his problems .
didn 't he come
i took him to be an honest man .
tom is extremely handsome and he knows it .
open up the door .
what time do tom and mary get home ?
i 'm not going to sing that song .
i found them lying on the <unk> grass .
a bomb killed three people in boston .
tom slipped me a note .
it 's pretty quiet around here .
i wonder why tom and mary are in trouble .
it 's a big hospital .
he 's on his way , isn 't he ?
i think we 'll be able to come to an understanding soon .
would you mind my staying here for some time ?
can you recommend a good story where a handsome prince and an ordinary girl fall in love ?
look , i 'm not interested .
tom will be painting the fence tomorrow .
tom is the only one who can do that .
tom smiled .
he says he doesn 't need to do that .
tom isn 't crying anymore , but he 's still obviously still upset .
the reason is obvious .
i know that 's not how it really is .
tom learned that lesson the hard way .
you should try doing that .
" so , what were you up to after the final exam ? " " we <unk> with some <unk> , tom threw up it was a <unk> ' awesome party ! "
bob went out before i knew it .
since he is very late , he may have met with an accident on his way .
i 've been here since july .
mary was doing what she loved .
i don 't know how tall tom and mary are .
it is not meet to take the children 's bread , and to cast it to dogs .
he probably has a girlfriend already .
tom told the truth .
it would be fun to surprise tom .
mary says she doesn 't know where tom is .
make sure you tell her that .
she hasn 't made it yet .
you are not <unk> to say anything , but anything you do say may be given in evidence against you .
mary is afraid to go out after dark , isn 't she ?
how many years have you lived in australia ?
i don 't think tom knows the whole truth yet .
where do tom and mary sing ?
you 're a fantastic cook .
sami and layla had a <unk> at farid 's house .
" how long does it take to get to <unk> on foot ? " " sorry , i 'm a stranger here . "
i can 't let myself have any more <unk> .
tom hasn 't announced his next move .
tom put on john 's shoes by mistake .
i know that tom doesn 't do that very much .
the dog wants to go out .
is it true that mr. jackson is going to be our new teacher ?
allow me to replace it .
there they go again .
call me as soon as you get home .
i 'll take tom at his word .
tom is off my list of evil ones for today .
i was the only one who didn 't know how to speak french .
let 's smoke this shit !
sami doesn 't really know that .
you don 't seem to be as embarrassed as tom seems to be .
give it back to her .
tom doesn 't even know who mary is .
mary looked like she was unhappy .
this is really easy .
i should get going .
enjoy the fucking music !
they know we 're friends .
mary didn 't feel well , but she went to work anyway .
mary says she doesn 't intend to do that anymore .
give me something to eat .
on <unk> , i don 't know how free a translation would be allowed .
layla went to the hair <unk> to get her hair done .
the successful <unk> were beside themselves with joy .
what are you doing in tom 's clothes ?
tom knew that mary thought john and alice were going to get married .
sami is still interested .
i still can 't see why tom would want to go .
sami and layla wanted to <unk> to islam .
no one has time for that kind of thing anymore .
we 'll make up for the loss .
do you really think tom and mary are alone ?
i used to do that .
the position of women , over the years , has definitely changed for the better .
fadil decided to do whatever he had to do to get rid of <unk> .
the travel <unk> will advise you where to stay .
you should have accepted his advice .
i don 't think that tom knows what mary is supposed to do tomorrow .
she takes great pride in her <unk> collection .
sami was standing in front of his house .
let 's see what tom is doing .
i knew you wouldn 't be able to answer that question .
<unk> <unk> almost committed suicide , but his dog made eye contact and convinced him to put the gun down .
literature <unk> best when it is half a trade and half an art .
where are you planning to stay ?
tom was sitting in the living room <unk> laundry .
show me where it hurts .
i can 't let anything happen to tom .
i know tom will forgive us .
tom and mary were both <unk> when they were three .
tom wants to come home .
why are tom and mary excited ?
drunk people often do stupid things .
the flower is yellow .
when we eat too much , we suffer from <unk> .
i didn 't know tom was in boston last weekend .
tom and mary live in the apartment below john and alice .
keep him busy .
tom could have gone camping with you if you 'd let him know you were going .
tom has got other things on his plate .
experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes .
and with me , we are yet one more .
tom and mary never got out of their car .
i am ready to give up my position .
he likes playing soccer with a lot of people watching .
sami has thousands of customers now .
tom said last night 's concert was fun .
he was flying down the road .
why can 't you think first before you act ?
don 't you want to stay ?
i changed .
tom turned around suddenly .
sami <unk> layla from the streets of cairo .
sami is not ready either .
i know tom isn 't a very good jazz <unk> player .
i wanted to help tom do that .
mary doesn 't think she should do that .
tom was surprised .
the rumor turned out to be only too true .
maybe i 'll be able to help you .
you don 't seem to be happy with our decision .
tom will certainly win .
mary needs to change her attitude .
tom takes care of me .
i didn 't like the result .
tom realized i wanted to do that .
tom drives to work every monday .
tom told mary to take the afternoon off .
you need tell me exactly how this happened .
you sound tired today .
she was never seen again after that .
i 'm getting an idea .
tom and i 'll be here for a few more days .
i told tom to give me a call .
i knew that tom would likely have to do that .
tom will be there .
what if there actually was a bomb on the train ?
will you come back home soon ?
i 've had enough of tom .
tom isn 't waiting for anyone .
tom was helping out in the kitchen .
you two make a beautiful couple .
i can do that by myself now .
what we had was special .
it is your <unk> in the deep sea .
i know tom knows mary knows how to do that .
you 're in big trouble now , aren 't you ?
tom and mary are both at home , aren 't they ?
she thinks the world of him .
i don 't know this neighborhood too well .
are you still mad at them ?
i 'm too poor .
you knew it wouldn 't .
sami was just taking pictures .
tom is never going to quit .
i think you 're the kind of girl i 'd like to marry .
i don 't own a suit .
did you know tom and mary were canadians ?
sami wants to do a good job .
tom should have told mary the truth .
sami 's death is a medical mystery .
tom is going to be prepared .
i don 't eat meat as much as i used to .
it was an act of god .
a true friend would 've helped me .
<unk> used to say that time is money .
the holiday season is almost over .
i have kept available the afternoon of the 20th and the <unk> , and would like to know if mr <unk> will be available for a meeting on either of those two days .
he really let himself go .
tom and mary said they were irritated .
she began crying .
tom thinks doing that might be a bad idea .
i want to know what happens .
sami didn 't tell the truth .
if i won that amount of money , i would / should just spend it all .
i had lost my pen .
what are you looking at me for ?
he didn 't know what to do with the extra food .
what 's the most popular sport in australia ?
i can pay you back .
i think we had better wait another thirty minutes .
tom won 't even listen to us .
i didn 't think that tom would be amused .
was the tatoeba site started by a japanese person ?
tom has done everything we told him to do .
tom tried to talk his way out of the <unk> ticket .
i am in india .
she felt a pain in her side .
i won 't see tom again until monday .
did you like the book that tom lent you ?
tom and mary go to school together almost every morning .
i didn 't expect you so soon .
we should be there with her .
you 're very helpful .
tom told me that he thought that mary was optimistic .
why don 't you go do that now ?
tom is leaving at 2 : 30 this afternoon .
in autumn some animals store food for the winter .
tom said mary thought that he shouldn 't do that anymore .
i know tom 's children .
mary said she 'll never leave early .
tom gave mary a book .
i 'll go tell her the good news .
tom wanted to do that even more than you did .
i know that i have to keep working .
technology is amazing .
i can 't figure it out .
i didn 't think that you 'd be allowed to do that .
tom didn 't know how to apologize in french .
tom almost forgot to take an umbrella with him .
i would have never done that .
i 'm not as easily impressed as you are .
she said she wanted us to visit her .
it 's all fake news .
tom hasn 't been living here long .
tom plans to get married as soon as he <unk> from college .
they live near here , don 't they ?
tom said that he thought that mary was probably having a good time in boston .
i have to sit down .
you 're not to lecture me about what i should do and what i shouldn 't do .
tom and mary said that they 're not hungry .
tom said that mary seemed happy .
we have to take tom to the hospital right away .
it could be a mistake .
tom and i seldom kiss each other anymore .
i am going to put this machine to the test today .
that film 's really interesting .
tom and mary said they 've already talked to john about that .
the ice is too thin to <unk> on .
tom has children .
we need to work together .
why can 't you go to boston ?
mary said to tom : " you 're off your <unk> ! "
she was the worst teacher ever .
it was very nice seeing you again .
let 's cut class .
we met a man named tom .
i didn 't know you would do that by yourselves .
that sounds like a lot of work .
you may imagine the surprise of the prince 's mother when she saw her son return <unk> by a bear , who at once set about doing the <unk> better than any <unk> that the queen had ever seen .
someone told me that you want to join our team .
that makes you nervous , doesn 't it ?
he works hard . so he does .
where were tom and mary when the fire broke out ?
i know that tom has been arrested .
there are many people to come this afternoon .
tom doesn 't know any french .
" i 'm going to pull a <unk> out of the hat . " " i 'll pay to see that " .
tom is just dating her to make you jealous .
tom and mary asked john if he could make them sandwiches .
the sun goes down in a wild <unk> of color .
i don 't have time to do it .
tom said that he 'd never come back here .
tom is trying to do just that .
support me on this one .
should we go to the mall ?
now i 'm definitely not going to sleep .
i need a little space .
did tom and mary say what they needed the money for ?
tom seemed ready to leave .
my television is broken .
he worked very hard , but could make little progress .
tom told me he wanted to visit mary in australia .
tom borrowed a pen from mary .
what 's your favorite city in the world ?
tom actually did what he said he would do .
i 'm trying to get to them .
tom wasn 't really enjoying himself .
how many times has this problem occurred ?
tom got in his car and closed the door .
tom has been asked to leave already .
tom and mary used the money john gave them to buy something to eat .
why is there a white line in the middle of the road ?
i wish i 'd called you .
i 'll never talk during class again .
you 'll get there in time , so long as you don 't miss the train .
i think i still have time to do that before tom and mary get here .
both mary and alice have very long hair .
tom asked mary if she knew how to <unk> .
tom is working as a waiter .
tom said he didn 't know that mary was going to have to do that by herself .
did you find anything you want ?
tom heard a knock on the door .
my love doesn 't cost anything .
tom couldn 't talk to mary .
i think tom could be doing that right now .
why don 't you just sit down and relax ?
sami gave layla work and fed her .
i like my coffee weak .
there aren 't the shoes i bought last week .
<unk> were convinced that sami and layla were having an affair .
tom had never dreamed he could feel so happy .
she denied it .
he stepped into my space .
sami ran over to layla 's bedroom .
he looks as happy as if he had won a trip to <unk> .
tom may use my video camera if he likes .
they were very happy .
fadil thought he was in love with <unk> .
hold down the <unk> key to open the weapon <unk> , then move your mouse in the direction of the weapon you want .
i don 't know a lot about animals .
tom is trying to win mary back .
this looks like a good spot for fishing .
does anyone know why tom isn 't here yet ?
both of tom 's brothers can do that .
tom and mary fell for each other .
i don 't think that it 'll take long .
they want to have a meeting with you .
sami came into the building .
tom and mary gave john exactly what he told them he needed .
they have their children with them .
that 's the average .
tom and mary often tell each other jokes .
i know that tom is a lot taller than mary is .
i 'm sorry i didn 't keep my promise .
do you know where tom put his keys ?
tom and mary were hoping we 'd do that for them .
tom said that mary didn 't seem to be suspicious .
tom is the only person who paid on time .
we have something to discuss .
dan was on the loose .
tom slept like a <unk> all night and most of the next day .
mary told me she could do it .
sami left for a funeral .
we won 't have any problems , will we ?
tom is tired after working all day .
he is up and about again .
sami wasn 't even looking at that .
tell tom i don 't know where his car keys are .
could you give her a minute ?
tom never told us much about himself .
layla decided to pick salima to be her <unk> .
the choice is very simple .
they admitted they were suspicious .
the problem 's been solved .
sami and layla stayed together for years .
i wonder if tom actually agreed to do that .
get out of here and never come back !
that sentence does not exist in any song .
i couldn 't tell if it was real or not .
how 'd you like to go to australia with us next summer ?
tom isn 't at all happy about that .
i don 't like being the one who always has to do that .
i <unk> to find that he had already gone .
warn tom that mary is looking for him .
i felt pain all over .
the whole earth was shocked .
they say that they 're feeling kind of tired .
tom should have waited until mary got here to do that .
mary said that she 's retired .
i 'm not going if tom goes .
who owns this house ?
i go to work every day .
i 'm sure tom and mary don 't want to be alone .
mary has to decide where she wants to go to college .
tom and mary played a game of russian <unk> .
tom said that it would probably take him a long time to do that .
mary doesn 't think tom did that , does she ?
ask him the way to station .
i agree to your plan .
i haven 't seen this movie before .
tom should 've gone with mary .
what else can you tell me about tom ?
i thought you might like to know that tom isn 't planning on coming .
mary said she thought tom wasn 't sleepy .
that was the way tom was raised .
she <unk> him no matter what he tells her to do .
they were members of the middle class .
he isn 't able to drive a car .
you were a soldier , weren 't you ?
she really enjoys her job .
mary promised me that she 'd do that .
i 'm surprised you remember him .
tom told everyone he was able to speak three languages .
do you still like jazz ?
she told me that she liked snow .
i saw tom leave about thirty minutes ago .
i think that it is the right time to introduce the product .
tom tried to see if he could do that .
maybe you should let tom go to boston like he wants to .
mary is a mother of three .
tom is probably a bit older than mary .
she 'll do it when she comes in .
the new boss has <unk> the company into shape .
it looks like tom is drunk .
what exactly did you tell her ?
i begged tom not to go .
i care about all of you .
tom said that he was really glad that we could be there .
i heard that tom and mary are going to boston .
tom didn 't stick around .
let 's look at the path that you 've walked so far .
they said that they spoke french .
i wasn 't permitted to see tom .
we all want the same thing .
tom and mary say they can do that today .
don 't worry about it . it 's not your problem .
i want a blue pen , a red one and a black one .
we will discuss the problem with them .
" why didn 't you tell me ? " " because it was none of your business . "
<unk> 's lack of responsibility drives me mad .
i should have kissed mary .
i never laid a finger on you .
tom is always free in the afternoon .
if you go on drinking so much , you may well end up an <unk> .
you can see the house was built <unk> .
tom said that mary was very poor .
i want them to win the election .
i 'm glad you told me about tom .
tom is going to be very disappointed if he doesn 't pass his driver 's test .
tom is ambitious .
i don 't give a <unk> about the stock market !
unfortunately , i 'm now too busy .
do you mind if i ask why not ?
you never should have left early .
tom had used up all his sick leave , and had to take <unk> leave when he got the <unk> .
tom and mary said they didn 't believe john could do that without some help .
i want to hear all about your trip to boston .
tom said he should 've done that by himself .
i like her sense of style . her clothes and makeup always look good .
he rushed into the room with his coat on .
didn 't you know that tom didn 't have to do that ?
tom walked out of the bar with a smile on his face .
you listen more to what this <unk> says than to what the doctor says .
tom thinks doing that would be a very bad idea .
life 's short .
no one was able to escape .
that 's what tom would 've wanted .
you are coming along , but still being a pain in the ass .
mary is your neighbor 's daughter , isn 't she ?
the girl put the key in her pocket .
we can apply the <unk> to various uses .
why are you being so nice to everybody ?
who told you i could swim ?
tom got injured in boston when he was working there .
your mother and father are dead .
sami will go to the <unk> with layla tonight .
kate didn 't attend the meeting .
tom was on the same bus as i was .
i eat breakfast every day .
it was a complete and <unk> waste of time .
sami was winning .
tom is eating breakfast inside .
it 's good to talk things over before you buy something .
i need some help doing that .
here 's a fun fact .
mary is taking a big chance , isn 't she ?
he thought that he might win .
all the family meet at evening meals .
there are people whose only purpose is to be as annoying as possible .
i 'm supposed to make sure tom knows what to do .
did you really have to <unk> that loud ?
i 've brought you flowers .
everyone except tom and mary are already here .
we didn 't need tom 's help .
will he come tomorrow ?
i don 't think that tom made a right decision .
i know her , but i 'm not <unk> with the rest of the family .
i can solve this problem .
she wouldn 't hit anyone , would she ?
i have a kid .
you 've nothing to worry about .
this machine impressed everyone .
they say that they want to meet you .
one 's teachers should be treated with respect .
they say that they aren 't angry .
he had to go himself .
i don 't think that we should hang around .
which team won the match really isn 't important .
tom and mary knew they had a problem .
all his hope had been lost .
i think that i did that pretty well .
sami can 't afford a pet right now .
i think that tom would be doing that if he knew how .
tom told everyone that mary didn 't know how to do that .
i know you 're looking at me .
you should probably go , tom .
tom doesn 't like mary 's idea very much .
your keys are on the counter .
those are just details . look at the big picture .
tom said he thought that mary needed to be more careful .
tom and mary were able to do that on their third try .
i don 't think you need to change .
during my free time i like to hang out with my friends .
please ask whether they have this book at the library .
mary said she 'd help <unk> the truck .
he said he didn 't feel tired .
tom and mary will help you as soon as they finish doing that .
i didn 't notice that tom was there .
tom and mary say they want to lose weight .
tom didn 't really feel like playing chess with mary .
no , i don 't have a drinking problem except when i can 't get a drink .
tom is walking down the street slowly .
i 'm afraid tom will tell everyone all our secrets .
no one has the right to beat you and make you feel <unk> .
i 'm too tired to go on .
she wasn 't friendly with him then .
tom and mary say that they 've lost their keys .
no questions ?
i didn 't think that tom would be willing to do that .
at school .
i want to let tom know he isn 't alone .
i hope tom finds a way to do that .
mary ordered the dog to sit .
sami did very well in the exam .
i don 't think tom was as generous as he should 've been .
tom was worried you wouldn 't do that .
which parking space is yours ?
i love her just as she is .
we 're quite confident that 'll happen .
they knew what they were going to do .
don 't forget to add me in .
let 's walk to the beach .
tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to .
you think i kissed mary , don 't you ?
it took us days to track down the problem .
apart from the cost , the dress doesn 't suit me .
she doesn 't have any brothers .
he knows that he can win .
tom and mary said that they 'd go back home soon .
we 've got to stay together .
tom and mary are doing what they need to do .
layla doesn 't know everything about sami .
the real fadil came out .
the children are playing in the snow .
mary has been doing that her whole life .
tom will never let you down .
in fact , i don 't want to know anything .
they let us know they had arrived .
if he were a good <unk> , we would win this game .
this sort of thing happens .
tom was popular .
i thought you wanted to go to australia with us .
tom writes to me once a week .
tom certainly wasn 't very helpful .
we need to get tom out of here .
i 'm not the only person who wants to do that .
tom tried to hit me .
i suspect that tom was here .
nobody saw her do it .
i still haven 't talked to tom about that .
tom and mary say that they 'll win .
everything chose to go wrong during his absence .
i 'd expected tom to wait for us .
things got so hot between them .
i 'm not sure that i understand what you 're saying .
do you agree with what tom just said ?
he is still young .
tom means exactly the opposite of what he 's saying .
we all feel that way .
if tom could do that , he would 've already done it .
mary was burned while she <unk> the rice .
tom and mary said they 're not busy .
the last time i saw tom he was wearing a hospital <unk> .
do you want to tell tom ?
tom hid in the stock room .
every morning , it takes her two hours to get to work .
i have to leave again .
i didn 't think tom and mary were that fat .
tom doesn 't still want to do that .
over time , things only got worse .
tom smiled and started to dance .
i passed a test in japanese .
i 'm beside myself !
i don 't think that tom is dead .
we 've agreed to see each other tomorrow .
hope you didn 't mind .
she murdered her own father .
so , are you all ready for christmas ?
tom and mary say they 'll ask john to do that .
tom will probably cry .
take care of her .
the movie was really scary .
i 'm having dinner now .
back in those days , i loved to play <unk> .
this is just one example .
" why did you lie ? " he asked quietly . " he 's your boyfriend . " " he 's not , i promise you ! " she cried .
it was clear that tom was supposed to be doing that .
he gave instructions to the <unk> , but they couldn 't make heads or <unk> of them .
i 'm very happy to have met you .
how much money should i give this <unk> ?
sami took a piece of toilet paper and wiped off the toilet seat .
we can pay .
we 've got to go and help tom .
tom and mary aren 't as good at french as you think they are .
tom can 't help wondering why mary changed her mind .
perhaps i could handle that .
tom has been losing a lot of money .
how many years have you studied french ?
tom must have seen us .
tom said that he isn 't going anywhere .
they told me that they should go .
i found the rare <unk> that i 've been looking so long for .
here are two . unfortunately , i can 't spare any more .
tom was huge .
tom wanted to talk to mary before she left .
she 's broken both of her arms .
tom was lying to mary when he told her he 'd been in boston .
tom had to pay for everything himself .
tom handed mary the keys .
you shall die by my hand , or you shall complete the ruin of my family by taking my life .
the next train to arrive was from chicago .
i 'll need to make some more <unk> .
tom could do nothing but watch .
fadil betrayed his love .
it 's way over there .
tom said he wished that you knew how to do that .
you never should 've let tom go to australia by himself .
everyone knows who killed tom .
there isn 't any hope .
<unk> moved to spain just a few months ago , so he isn 't used to speaking spanish as yet .
have you ever cut your finger with a knife ?
tom says he doesn 't plan on being there .
we 've decided to give you the loan you <unk> .
why did you choose such a subject ?
make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right .
tom didn 't take off his shirt .
both legs of your flight look good .
tom has left for good .
mary shouldn 't tell tom she doesn 't like her job .
mary took an ice bath after the race .
they were being very optimistic .
she broke a glass .
i know tom had to do that yesterday .
this is a sentence .
tom was so confused he didn 't know what day it was .
tom and mary spent new year 's day together .
are you eating right ?
i 'll be sure to tell them .
what are the chances that tom will actually get the job ?
we hope you 're having a great night .
she said she likes speaking french .
the committee are all against it .
did you kiss ?
the store happened to be crowded yesterday .
we <unk> into the cave opening on our boat and continued on .
i just wanted to get here as fast as possible .
tom won 't believe what happened .
you 're just not very good .
just don 't tell anybody .
<unk> say that it 's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day .
i 'm sorry that i wasn 't able to be at yesterday 's meeting .
i 'm extremely busy this afternoon .
we 're a bit busy at the moment . can you hang on a minute ?
tom told me that he thought mary was guilty .
let 's try this one here .
i tried to call you from australia .
my alarm went off at 6 : 30 .
i might not be at home tonight .
tom has never had a problem with his car .
tom doesn 't have a gold credit card .
tom should try not to say anything that 'll make mary mad .
nothing ever happens around here .
i see her only on mondays .
i just don 't agree with tom .
i know what tom had to do .
it took them two years to build the house .
it isn 't cold in the house .
i thought the same thing at first .
i don 't intend to stay in australia very long .
i 've agreed to help tom do that .
i 'm waiting at the door .
i always enjoy visiting tom .
you couldn 't make it up if you tried .
tom and mary claim that they 're <unk> .
can you understand what i 'm saying ?
sometimes to correct is harder than to write .
i helped tom into the taxi .
i entered tom 's bedroom and saw him asleep in his bed .
tom told me he thought he might do that .
i want tom killed .
please try to be as <unk> as possible .
what a nice bike !
tom said that mary is probably still puzzled .
i get depressed sometimes .
i was afraid because it was very dark .
mary said she 's very busy this week .
tom realized that there was no way he could do that by himself .
he tried his best to look happy .
which of them do you prefer ?
i learn berber .
i think i 'll be able to convince tom to do that .
tom said that it isn 't over .
tom wondered if there was anyone else in the house .
the apple pie was still fresh from the oven .
tom has been making some progress .
i know tom already knows why mary did that .
our house is clean .
tom didn 't seem to be afraid of mary .
tom must have been scared to death .
thank you for all your help .
tom probably should be fired .
i won 't be staying in australia very long .
i don 't want to admit i didn 't know how to do that .
tom said he doesn 't think mary will agree to do that .
sami was glad that layla came over .
i 'm so so sorry that i 'd like to <unk> into a hole and die .
i used to be a waiter .
do tom and mary want to come ?
tom told me that he thought that mary was the <unk> girl in our class .
i don 't think tom can speak french .
<unk> is like a <unk> road , is it difficult to <unk> ? the problem is that people are not looking for it . if you return to the search , you will find plenty of teachers .
i think i need to talk to her .
he said goodbye to his friends .
you can 't save the world by yourself .
he climbed the stairs .
we played extremely well .
where did she learn such a difficult word ?
tom broke into mary 's apartment .
can you leave my office , please ?
<unk> what he says , i still think that he is in the wrong .
only girls ' shoes are sold here .
tom wanted mary to stay longer .
this and that are two different stories .
you are singing songs for me .
mary is allowed to do that , isn 't she ?
tom searched mary 's room again .
tom abandoned mary .
he knows he can trust you .
they 're grown men .
the fields were covered by heavy snow .
i said i wasn 't ready .
that 's personal .
we thought you might want to come with us .
do you still have a house in boston ?
i knew it couldn 't be that easy .
it 's no easy matter to <unk> a family of six .
i <unk> that my children would forgive me .
what do you think tom is trying to tell us ?
i think that tom would like to live in australia .
i thought you said that tom was a <unk> .
i know that tom hasn 't gotten around to doing that yet .
i can not buy spare parts for this car .
the word is that you got the job .
i wonder how that happened .
how long will it take to do that ?
can you help , please ?
we need their support .
i asked tom to take over for me .
i 'm not so sure it was time to leave .
layla was really hurt .
you shouldn 't have told him such a thing .
why don 't you want to learn english ?
what time did you get out of bed yesterday ?
i told tom i wanted to go with him .
tom doesn 't speak french and i don 't either .
tom insisted he wasn 't planning to do that .
i want to have this letter translated into english by tomorrow .
we see what we expect to see .
i don 't know when tom is leaving for australia .
tom is about as old as mary is .
i don 't have all the details .
tom and i did everything together when we were kids .
sami ate with his left hand .
that shouldn 't happen anymore .
he says he didn 't have insurance .
can i go to school ?
this is one of the reasons why i love tatoeba .
it seems that tom and mary both like classical music .
what if she actually had no other choice ?
i will come on monday unless you write to the <unk> .
i 'm glad tom didn 't see mary and john kissing .
leave it .
i demand that you give me back my money .
sami 's company is located on the <unk> floor .
he did what he thought was right .
you aren 't serious , are you ?
i 'll try to have fun tomorrow .
i think tom will do that for us .
the information <unk> in this guide is meant to help people find work under fair conditions and avoid <unk> .
i told mary that she should try to do it by herself .
he 's getting on well in his new business .
which search engine do you use ?
you have to wait for one month at least .
we 're not so young that we don 't understand what love is .
you worry too much about your weight .
i tried to keep myself from falling asleep .
i didn 't know that you two were friends .
did tom say he planned on doing that ?
that night he dreamed a horrible dream .
tom and mary knew they 'd have to do that .
don 't do anything i wouldn 't do .
when he woke up , the party was almost over .
i told tom why mary should do that .
it probably wasn 't tom who did that .
it has never been my intention to <unk> .
i 'll speak to tom about that .
tom and mary went to boston , but they didn 't go by plane .
tom said he was glad that mary had done that .
tom and mary told me that they were irritated .
do you enjoy walking <unk> on the sand ?
you 've been <unk> , haven 't you ?
my father likes his coffee strong .
fadil didn 't divorce layla .
will anybody get it ?
tom is a crazy person .
he <unk> his teeth and forced back his growing fear .
tom thought that mary wasn 't interested in sports .
tom was obviously glad we were there .
tom has a <unk> and he feels dizzy .
they never listen to me .
tom told mary he wanted her to stay in australia with him .
i am quite healthy and have had no cold .
write your name in full .
don 't get your hopes up .
tom and mary spent a lot of time together when they were kids .
have tom and mary finished doing that yet ?
i cried myself to sleep every night .
what s the best way to go there ?
life is all in all .
he said that it didn 't bother him .
tom and i are the ones who should apologize .
i 'm very happy with the way i played .
i wonder whether tom knows how to do that .
i don 't know whether tom is sleepy or not .
this pillow is too soft for me .
i think so too .
sami was set to spend the rest of his life behind <unk> .
i 'm not really worried about it .
sami tried to lift layla 's body but he couldn 't .
i wonder what we ought to do now .
mary knew she was in deep trouble .
didn 't you know tom was still single ?
it would be <unk> of you not to see him again .
i hear that tom and mary are going to do that .
i 'll call you up around eight this evening .
the question is how are we going to deal with the situation .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i get my ticket .
why doesn 't tom just do what we 've asked ?
tom didn 't believe anyone would do that .
take tom to the station .
we 'd better go look for them .
tom said he didn 't believe that .
you don 't need to <unk> . i can hear you just fine .
i didn 't know that i was going to be giving a speech .
i 'll be busy next week .
tom soon fell asleep .
i 'm going to meet tom at the station at 2 : 30 .
he 's very afraid of his father .
it looks like tom and mary are really enjoying themselves .
i closed the store early today .
tom isn 't sure mary can do that .
tom carried the <unk> bag on his shoulder .
mary said that she used to live in boston .
tom and mary don 't always do the same thing .
we felt anxious for her safety .
i got tired of waiting and left .
we 're making great progress .
we can 't go back out there .
you must be more patient .
tom said that he thought that he 'd be able to buy what he needed for $ 300 .
he 's done his homework already .
tom and mary say they can 't believe john did that .
mary says she hates to study .
i 'm not good at driving .
man has reason , animals do not .
you would be in the same situation as me .
i thought that you didn 't know how to drive .
safety first !
he made a <unk> to me to run away .
sami wanted to be a good person .
tom isn 't going to let that stop him .
tom said he wanted to live in a cave .
tom and mary weren 't sure they should do that .
if i stopped <unk> , my life would be amazing .
this is all stupid .
i 'm accustomed to hard work .
sorry , we didn 't mean to make you feel left out .
i don 't think tom and mary are bored .
we want to see tom do that .
tom is pleased , but mary isn 't .
he said he wasn 't happy .
please give that back to me .
this incident has made a great <unk> on the progress of the project .
we 've both been very busy .
i think we have more work to do .
i was about to head out .
you were seen .
you can rely on their coming on time .
the fear makes the wolf bigger than what it is .
tom is getting old .
tom is an excellent father .
they told me that they 'd lost their <unk> .
tom is the type of person who likes to argue just for the sake of arguing .
sami knows who these guys are .
i didn 't know tom and mary were going to allow me to do that .
i 'm not having much luck .
tom made an appointment to meet mary later .
what exactly did you do to them ?
i know tom probably doesn 't want to do that anymore .
what was it you and tom talked about yesterday ?
i 've been told not to call you stupid .
i keep telling mary she talks too fast .
tom said he thought mary wasn 't as cooperative as she should have been .
do you see her often ?
they want to make the <unk> movement illegal .
i want to start making plans .
i 've never seen you in such a hurry to get to school .
tom is lying on a blanket near the fire .
tom must be well off . he drives a very nice car .
have you told tom we 'll be there ?
now my broken english has cost me that job .
do you even know what this is ?
we should take a break and have some tea .
she isn 't in her bedroom , is she ?
i 'll stay and watch tom .
the question now is when .
i 'll take care of it tomorrow .
he ordered a cup of tea .
tom knew was going to be arrested .
mary attacked tom .
i know that tom is a good-looking guy , but he 's not too friendly .
she told me that she had a problem .
i 'd appreciate it if you 'd leave .
tom and i did that together .
i can see why tom and mary like that .
his face turned pale .
" what is your name , miss ? " " stop <unk> up , tom ! i 'm tired of making <unk> of you every day ! "
tom and mary said they didn 't think john had to do that .
the worth of a state , in the long run , is the worth of the <unk> <unk> it .
tom said he had something for you .
you owe me a beer .
sami got his car fixed .
we 're dealing with major problems in this city .
tom may not be as smart as you think he is .
that 's totally unfair .
tom wanted to hire us both , but he said he could only hire one of us .
tom thinks you shouldn 't do that .
i told tom i thought it was a good idea .
tom helped an old woman across the road .
do you remember if tom did that ?
tom put his <unk> of beer on the counter .
he was always good to his kids .
sami begged layla for a place to stay .
that 's the woman i got a message from .
sami didn 't believe in our relationship .
they didn 't waste any time , did they ?
the best <unk> of the future is the past .
how long have you been the boss ?
i like that sweater .
but the first thing we say is " hello . "
she looked surprised at the letter .
sami was going to drop all of us off .
i had to get out of the house .
i think that tom and mary are both thirty years old .
tom arrived a few minutes early .
he was unable to answer my question .
can we talk to tom directly ?
your innocent act doesn 't fool me .
you are bigger than me .
he will make a business trip to london next week .
tom likes to talk on the phone .
if you throw trash on the road , you have to pay a fine of up to <unk> dollars .
and who is this guest standing next to the piano ?
i was working last night .
tom still studies french .
don 't you want to know why i didn 't do what you asked ?
i need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be <unk> .
mary broke into tom 's room using a <unk> .
it 'll take some time , but i think we can <unk> things up .
mary knows she shouldn 't be singing this late at night .
not everyone will understand .
i think tom is already on the plane .
i learned it in school .
are you willing to bet your life on it ?
tom said he 'll be doing that by himself .
i 'm glad you didn 't do it .
tom is very good at it , isn 't he ?
i 've never met anyone like them .
i know tom won 't do that either .
tom and mary say they 've forgotten how to do that .
can you speak french well ?
i don 't think that i would 've gone there by car .
they heard their names being called .
this is the least expensive method of all .
tom is feeling good today .
i know better than to lend him money .
tom should 've brought more food .
i didn 't know what i 'd done was against the rules .
i want you to explain it to me in more detail .
i know that tom won 't help mary do that anymore .
tom was out till midnight last night .
the guard thought they were joking until he saw their <unk> .
i know you stole it .
i will write them a note .
they look like a happy family .
she has a nice figure .
that gives me an idea .
i have a sore head .
tom and i had an agreement .
mary knows what she ought to do .
i think tom is cheating .
this is how tom does it .
tom and mary went to boston last year .
i was surprised when tom admitted he was the one who had stolen my <unk> .
it 's a good job , as far as the pay goes .
i didn 't know you were going to try to do that by yourself .
they knew they could do it .
don 't worry . you 'll get better at it .
you 've drunk too much .
tell tom i 'll come back .
i don 't think tom knows anything .
tom said that mary was certain that john didn 't have to do that .
did tom see you ?
how did you know i was here ?
aren 't you going to finish your supper ?
i can 't imagine anybody would be surprised if tom didn 't show up at the party .
where should i put these suitcases ?
sami <unk> his voice to do that accent .
there 's no reason that you can 't come with us .
the sooner you start saving money for your <unk> , the better off you 'll be .
i shall sleep with your letter under my pillow tonight .
she was on the <unk> of killing herself .
did i miss anything ?
do you guys smoke ?
<unk> very warm weather when one 's in bed .
i do not work on sunday .
i left her in charge .
i didn 't know that you were going to be nervous .
could i see the room please ?
if i had money , i would buy that camera . as it is , i cannot buy it .
i have a perfect native berber accent .
i can 't approve the project . it leaves much to be <unk> .
i didn 't eat very much .
you 're not very good at doing that , are you ?
i 'm older than you . you have to listen to me .
i must <unk> what you have just said as either a very bad joke or an <unk> .
if i 'd had enough money , i would have bought the book .
i once went to australia with tom .
i met him at his house .
you look totally bored .
i can 't allow this .
tom won 't let me buy a motorcycle .
i hate my house .
i plan to go back to boston as soon as i can .
if you stuff the box too full , the bottom will fall out .
i was the last one to see them .
tom said he thought mary was doing that today .
i don 't come to australia as often as i used to .
this ancient table is still in use .
maybe tom and mary don 't know they 're not supposed to do that anymore .
tom is quite often late for school .
tokyo is bigger than rome .
i intend seeing the queen .
i can 't decide whether i should do that or not .
tom stared at mary in surprise .
mother asked us why we had done that .
i know tom knows why i did that .
in case you haven 't noticed , i 've been waiting for two hours .
it is my <unk> that she died of pure fear and nervous shock , though what it was that frightened her i cannot imagine .
i thought tom and mary were upset .
we 've gotten some <unk> from some parents .
do you have a <unk> in your home ?
i 've done that once .
i got suspended for doing that .
he told me that he 'd bought a car .
i didn 't know tom and mary were confused .
tom was sitting on the sofa by himself .
mary said she 'd been busy .
he is the <unk> of the low to tell such a lie .
tom will see you soon .
we will make every effort to do so .
mary 's husband is just as crazy as she is .
he thought his life was in danger .
tom 's dreams came true .
it 's been fun hanging out with you guys .
tom stayed home with the children .
dan didn 't even slow down .
mary isn 't so bright , is she ?
tom was gone for three days .
nobody knows what will happen .
tom is going to be here soon .
the bus was empty except for one <unk> woman .
it 's a shot in the arm .
tom still doesn 't have to do that , does he ?
i needed something to drink .
tom arrived in boston on october 20th .
you can have any picture that you want .
mary sleeps on her stomach .
we 'll keep doing that unless someone tells us not to .
tom knew i was going to win .
i 'm old enough to know better .
i suspect that tom and mary were planning on doing that yesterday .
do you think they 're awake ?
faith is never perfect , but knowledge is .
i wasn 't hurt .
i wasn 't aware that you didn 't have to do that .
" tom , do you know what kind of <unk> this is ? " " probably <unk> , but i can 't read a bit of it . "
stay away from him . he 's a bad influence .
can i eat ?
this shirt doesn 't fit me anymore .
is it true that tom didn 't do that ?
sami was a crazy person .
my <unk> and her husband are both american .
why are you drawing flowers ?
which one do you take ?
i left the key in the room .
she is even more beautiful .
please put down my address in case you forget it .
let me ask tom a simple question .
something terrible happened to tom .
i didn 't want tom to know the truth .
sami made another video .
my flat has a big living room .
tom was new at that time .
do you really want me to tell tom that you were the one who killed his father ?
tom knew mary said she wouldn 't do that .
do you think i 'd let that stop me ?
i 'm 100 percent sure of that .
tom said mary didn 't do that .
i have not been studying for two days .
the last time that i saw tom was at your place .
tom took mary to the best restaurant in town .
<unk> said he believed the decision was correct .
it 's natural for you to think so .
i thought tom and mary weren 't scared .
didn 't i tell you that you didn 't need to worry ?
you 're sick !
without <unk> , the police had nothing to go on .
don 't lose your cool .
tom took off his shirt and threw it into the washing machine .
today i have a lot of things to do .
there 's no way tom and mary haven 't done that .
he has a ticket .
tom suggested that we wait here .
they told me that they want to go with us .
you 've got to be kidding me !
tom isn 't used to wearing shoes .
that 's just the way tom likes it .
he admitted that he didn 't do that .
i 've said it before and i 'm saying it again : don 't touch my things !
i don 't want to hear any more of your stupid jokes .
it appears that tom will do that .
i 'm never alone , unless i choose to be .
mary tried to protect her family .
i 'm more optimistic about our <unk> now .
don 't you want me to bring you anything ?
" what 's this ? " " it 's just a shopping list . "
he says he needs time alone .
tom apparently has to study french at his school .
tom doesn 't care whether mary stays or not .
we need to clean the kitchen .
i met him at the end of the <unk> .
she told some jokes and sang some funny songs at a patient 's beside .
what did you eat for lunch today ?
the true purpose of education is to prepare young men and women for <unk> <unk> in a free form of government .
you should 've bought tom a more expensive gift .
don 't fire tom .
does tom know where i am ?
tom said he isn 't sure that mary has to do that .
my home is far away .
choose a good restaurant to go to eat at .
that was a really good call .
the plan did not meet with his ideas .
you should never fail to make efforts .
you refuse to see the facts .
i want to see you tomorrow .
i know what both of you are thinking .
do tom and i need to do that every day ?
i cried all night long .
i promise to leave him alone .
tom has been living in australia way too long .
mary is used to the cold , isn 't she ?
who gave me all that money ?
how can you tell tom isn 't happy ?
let 's not open <unk> from the past .
he had no other choice but to choose the names <unk> .
i found a dollar in the street .
mary is on her way to boston .
the team is up for the game .
mary said she didn 't think tom would enjoy that movie .
should we worry ?
i 've spoken to your parents about your behavior .
how long will it be ?
we must do something , tom .
we all know how you feel .
it 's obvious that mary knows what she 's doing .
i have no idea what i ought to do .
i want you to go to boston .
tom hasn 't eaten anything for three days .
i almost never make mistakes .
who 's that lady ?
tom has given everyone three apples each .
her story can 't be true . she often tells lies .
let me have a word with him .
tom must 've given mary that .
i took a trip to <unk> last week .
tom added wood to the fire .
didn 't you know tom doesn 't have any sisters ?
at last tom appeared .
sami got into a car accident .
tom , who are you going to spend christmas with ?
who told you tom would want to do that ?
i never did anything like that with tom .
who said life is fair ?
it 'll be difficult for tom to win .
you have to tell tom and mary that you won 't be going to boston with them .
let 's take a step back .
tom wasn 't at all surprised by what happened .
tom wasn 't too sure what to think .
tom continued walking .
he was in error in <unk> that she would come to see him .
tom bought new gloves .
i didn 't know that tom would be interested in doing that .
who will be the next president of the united states ?
i 'm sure tom is glad to be going home .
i expect to stay in boston a day or so .
i will never get back together with her .
sami has to go out .
he just left , but he 'll be back .
tom thought that mary was first .
we 've lived in australia for three years .
they helped one another to make the school festival a success .
i know tom is handsome .
i told tom it was dangerous for him to do that .
tom and mary will be traveling together .
he said that he wasn 't satisfied .
what does this do ?
remember all the good times we had together .
did anything happen that you didn 't expect to happen ?
i gave the same answer i always do .
i don 't remember how i got home last night .
mary spent a lot of time playing games when she was a kid .
i could not come up to his expectations .
tom was special to me .
we 're hoping for good weather on monday .
a true friendship will last forever .
i wish them the best of luck in dealing with the problem .
we 've had no rain for ages ; in fact , not since the beginning of april .
it 's going to be violent weather !
our boss is hard to please .
the cat is playing with the ball .
he was so clever that he could solve the problem .
i didn 't stay until the end of the movie .
you looked like you were warm .
i wish there were a better translation of this book .
the taste of the first kiss remains <unk> in my memory .
linda was fed up with dan 's constant <unk> .
tom and mary said that they wouldn 't try to do that .
i 've been feeling a little tense lately .
he said he didn 't speak french .
i think tom won 't be able to do that without some help .
i have no plans to go .
i was homeless last year .
did tom really not tell you that he was going to do that ?
did you have fun with tom ?
tom thinks mary will be absent .
i kind of liked her .
tom can 't be saved .
tom keeps his doors locked at night .
why would anyone be interested in this ?
can you email me some emergency contact numbers and names for you ?
i think tom won 't be home on october 20th .
i 'd rather discuss this later .
i 've had a busy day .
sami was not safe .
i 'm going to a garden party .
he did not understand what was in the way of his success in life .
sami has never been to a funeral .
i don 't doubt that .
tom doesn 't feel like doing that right now .
the situation got worse .
i 'm anxious about the future .
i know that tom is a pretty good <unk> player .
tom is ready for mary .
tom really should have been here by now .
i don 't expect anything good to happen today .
just think what we can buy with all that money .
that 's the way tom and mary always do that .
there is nothing like a walk .
i 'm sure tom won 't be impressed .
people are disappointed at the number of angry <unk> .
let 's go somewhere private .
i know that tom wouldn 't ask mary to do that .
i don 't think tom will want to go with us .
tom never said who he was with last night .
i should 've gone to australia with you .
if tom told you he liked you , what would you do ?
what is in the garden ?
tom did a lot for us , but he could 've done much more .
he did his best , but she failed .
i know i 'm a good basketball coach .
i wonder why tom and mary are so motivated to do that .
what fruit is your brother seeing ?
tom and mary said that they weren 't certain that john had to do that .
i don 't think tom was prepared .
tom and mary wouldn 't let me into their house .
sami was spending time with a woman .
i didn 't miss them .
i admitted i 'd been doing that for a long time .
he spoke with his mouth full at table .
i 'm a really glad this thing turned out ok .
you seem very determined .
she said she 's determined to do that .
i wasn 't able to get a ticket .
sami lost his gift card .
the problem is that tom is just as scared as i am .
are tom and mary planning to do that by themselves ?
mary was the only girl tom ever really loved .
i came here as fast as i could .
mary said she knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself .
as soon as you round the corner , you 'll see the store .
i am far from the tree .
the key was nowhere to be found .
tom put new <unk> on all his doors .
she said she would write to us .
we 're wasting time here .
tom didn 't have the courage to kiss mary .
the classroom was empty .
tom is cold .
while staying in tokyo , i came to know her .
what did you do with tom 's keys ?
although <unk> 's suitcase looks heavy , it 's actually very light .
tom 's boss is canadian .
tom should 've been finished doing that by 2 : 30 .
i wish you had told me the truth .
did you know that tom has a house on park street ?
tom told me that he likes living in australia .
you 're a lot taller than i am .
there she stands .
you didn 't know that you were the one who was supposed to do that , did you ?
tom found it difficult to please him .
drop the gun !
i 'm not exactly happy about it .
tom has been coming here a lot lately .
we 've got to get taxes down .
<unk> of the world economy is not yet in sight .
before buying anything , you had better ask yourself whether you cannot do without it .
mary told me i was the one she wanted to talk to .
tom is going to the mall .
to tell the truth , i hate tom .
tom and mary help anybody who asks them .
tom was attracted to mary .
i 've heard that tom and mary are now studying french .
i can 't wait for that day to come .
tom said that he thought mary wasn 't mad .
i don 't want to talk to you now .
we work really well together .
i wonder if i really need to do that .
mary said that she 's ready to go .
tom was wrong as usual .
i don 't think that i know anyone who speaks french .
she says she 's homesick .
don 't you think you can fix it ?
they excused themselves and left .
tom stuck out his tongue and took a <unk> .
tom didn 't write anything in his notebook .
mary 's feet hurt after standing all day at work .
don 't bother me about that .
look to your left .
i 've done that more than most people have .
he is the very man that i have waited for .
i 'm not going to need that .
tom wanted to know why mary didn 't like him .
tom has been <unk> a lot of problems .
he is living with his uncle now .
it seems tom can speak french quite well .
she likes him .
she makes a point of drinking a glass of milk every morning .
you 're still not allowed to be here .
with this you can make a clean <unk> of <unk> breakfast smells and such to make the air clean .
that 's a huge challenge .
it 's really big .
tom is strange , but mary isn 't .
that makes a lot of sense .
tom said that mary was going to boston .
is your father about yet ?
tom knows that he 's in no position to argue .
tom said he 's not thirsty .
this house is too big for us .
i didn 't know that tom used to live in boston .
sami has never been to that festival .
<unk> 's mother told her to look after her younger sister .
we 're not like those people .
she likes animals , you know ?
i thought tom and mary weren 't drunk , but they were .
tom won 't likely walk to work anymore .
my younger brother is taller than i .
i haven 't seen him today .
how are you , son ?
some people find this kind of thing annoying .
mary told me that she had been sick .
the magazine which you lent me is very interesting .
i thought that you wouldn 't like me .
you want to leave it like that ?
tom might want you to help mary .
i 'm still not used to wearing a <unk> .
i have a car that my father gave me .
tom is really very nice .
i know that tom already knows why mary had to do that .
she 's obviously drunk .
he likes to build <unk> from playing cards .
all tom talks about is baseball .
where did he hide ?
nobody else would help them .
he couldn 't hide his smile .
it 'd be better if you would come with me .
he would rather take a pay cut than fire an <unk> .
where did you decide to go ?
it was a <unk> chance that i found it .
is there anything you can 't do ?
tom has already told mary she can 't do that .
how many <unk> did tom lose last summer ?
i hear that she 's a famous actress .
tom was the one who told me where mary lived .
tell tom to hurry back .
you should 've listened to her .
tom does exactly what i tell him .
sami was dating a girl that worked with us .
it 's obvious tom isn 't interested in girls .
tom doesn 't smoke anymore .
i thought tom didn 't like cats .
i 'm wearing the jacket i bought three days ago .
we 've all got to leave early .
you don 't sound too worried .
<unk> me a bit more wine , please !
how long will the trip take ?
can you describe that strange guy ?
we loved what you said last night .
you might learn something if you pay attention .
i didn 't even know what had happened .
the doctor advised her to enter the hospital .
how could someone not see a police car with <unk> lights ?
tom said he thought that mary would be suspicious .
tom is interested in knowing what 's going to happen .
has tom been seeing anybody ?
i am fortunate compared with him .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be able to do what we asked them to do .
we have to leave tomorrow !
how bad can this get ?
leave me alone and i 'll leave you alone .
tom forgot to do his homework .
would you like to have it ?
sami bought some flowers .
tom and mary showed john a <unk> of their father .
i wouldn 't put anything past tom .
there isn 't even a single spanish speaker here .
do you want to trade places with me ?
you asked to see me ?
i wish i could afford to rent it !
it was absolutely incredible .
i don 't think that anyone would agree to do that
do you really think i should marry tom ?
i know how this is going to end .
tom walked past the three <unk> who were standing on the corner .
tom drives by mary 's house on his way to and from work .
i don 't think i can do that before monday .
japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping .
tell mary i 'd like to meet with her immediately .
tom forgot to remind mary to do that .
tom is helping us today , isn 't he ?
i wonder if tom knows that mary can 't do that .
do you want to buy that ?
i was moved by her love for other people .
money 's always to be found when we need to send men to be killed on the <unk> ; but there 's none left when it comes time to help them .
tom went over to where mary was sitting and gave here the envelope that john had given him to give her .
mr smith is in charge of the class .
i 'm not done with you .
aren 't you sorry you weren 't there ?
tom and mary are available .
tom may be back by then .
he says he won 't let you come home .
i leaned forward so i could catch every word he said .
what did you expect to happen ?
tom has decided to resign from his job .
tom thought mary wanted him to kiss her , but he wasn 't sure , so he didn 't .
let 's discuss it over dinner .
i won 't teach french , either .
tom and mary danced with each other .
he fought <unk> against the current and reached the woman who had nearly drowned .
sami was busy at work .
japan must take over that role now .
what did you find out ?
why is my dad in the kitchen ?
tom moved further away .
is that a real diamond ?
these apples were cheap .
that must be fun .
i was interested to hear that <unk> quit his job . i , on the other hand , was surprised to hear it .
you must not park your car in a no parking <unk> .
i was told that i should sleep at least seven hours a day .
i saw a girl with long hair .
i 've lost my pen .
we don 't need you .
i forgot to turn off the tv before going to bed .
there was a full moon that night .
he speaks too much .
no one uses that kind of weapon anymore .
this flower has a strong <unk> , can you smell it ?
i had a problem with my car this morning .
they knew what they ought to do .
let me handle them .
i wasn 't aware that you weren 't supposed to do that .
excuse me a minute .
tom 's face lit up at the sight of mary .
mary looked like she always looks .
there 's something else i want to show you .
tom told me i didn 't have to do that again .
you never can tell what is going to happen .
sami finally got back to his house at six in the morning .
where does your wife work ?
i don 't trust you completely .
sami was in the middle of the room .
tom abandoned the mission and quit his job .
tom said he thought mary looked confused .
don 't be sad .
there is something here .
i know mary could do that if she tried harder .
tom asked mary why she didn 't need to do that .
do you have any idea when tom and mary plan to be here ?
she said that she would buy it .
don 't bother me , i 'm studying a difficult thing .
i spent the whole weekend at home on the computer .
i do not want to <unk> myself in vain .
i know how you feel about him .
tom gave me all his money .
he said not to worry about him .
he was supposed to come .
i didn 't know that you used to work here .
i used to think that taking walks was a waste of time .
this kind of book is of no use to us .
tom caught three fish .
tom didn 't tell me what to do .
tom seems amused .
sami can 't go out without layla .
you 're a little taller than i am , aren 't you ?
tom knew that mary wanted him to go to australia with her .
nothing 's good enough for tom .
i 'm going to wait here for him .
i hope tom and mary don 't say they need to do that .
it took a long time for the children to find <unk> .
sami told layla he was ready to go .
you 're dating a girl young enough to be your own daughter .
tom says that mary didn 't win .
i know that tom is charming .
i 've done many stupid things in my life .
mary told me she thought she might win .
i 'll give you time to think it over .
mary pulled off her gloves .
mary is now home with her family .
please don 't ask me to sing .
we are <unk> to stand up for him .
tom has no idea when mary will do that .
tom and mary forgot to lock their houses .
layla took her hijab off .
this car needs washing .
" seen my cell phone ? " " on the table ! "
tom said that he thinks that mary isn 't able to do that .
layla lost two children .
i didn 't think tom and mary were in boston .
she swore she 'd do that today .
there was a large audience at the concert .
in this respect , you 're right .
tom said he thought mary was cute .
tom said he thought that i might not be allowed to do that .
this game is fun .
i knew tom and mary would ask john to eat dinner with them .
tom and mary promised that they 'd sing .
how will you stop him ?
tom didn 't tell mary he was going to boston .
i suspect tom and mary are homesick .
that 's about to change .
sami couldn 't stand layla 's mother .
tom will likely be leaving soon .
i can 't figure out why he didn 't tell the truth .
are you the one who taught tom how to do that ?
tom always drinks coffee in the morning .
turn left when you get to the <unk> in the road .
tom and mary said they didn 't need your permission to do that .
mary said she asked herself that same question .
whether you say <unk> or hello , you are <unk> a person in the same manner .
tom and mary are <unk> today , aren 't they ?
the <unk> asked tom to make three wishes .
sami fell down like a baby .
tom still hopes mary will do that .
tom told mary that he thought john was <unk> .
i 'm right here in the kitchen .
i plan to contact tom and mary by phone tomorrow and ask them to help us .
mary had a <unk> look on her face .
i 'm sure tom <unk> you , too .
i 'm real proud of the girls .
i never read that book .
whatever you do , do it as well as you can .
i hate people .
i have to know now .
i don 't think that that 's <unk> .
tom asked why i did it .
tom told mary he was able to do that .
how dare you do that to tom !
i got married to tom last month .
tom has done something he shouldn 't have .
tom has been living in australia since 2013 .
you 're going to miss me , aren 't you ?
sami wanted to be a part of it .
they were unable to explain themselves .
she looked around for her key .
tom is here in australia with me .
tom told me that he was bored .
tom and mary said they don 't plan to go there anytime soon .
i think that tom is healthy .
tom and mary said that they 'd rather go home .
i wonder if tom and mary want to do that .
yesterday she was writing better than today .
they said they were asked to help .
you 're a suspect .
mary said she doesn 't enjoy doing that as much as she used to .
i denied i was the one who wrote that letter .
we believe it .
she 's been a friend of mine for years .
she reached out for his hat .
i don 't eat between meals .
i was going to call tom back today .
i 'll be back next week .
tom said that he didn 't want to eat that .
i can 't stand you .
she has something under her arm .
tom and mary plan to get married as soon as they both graduate from college .
did you steal this ?
tom didn 't show up until the meeting was over .
what gift would you like for christmas ?
i thought you 'd be hard at work .
tom realized that mary didn 't love him .
if you can kill your enemy , do it , if not , make him your friend .
tom kept trying to call mary , but she never answered her phone .
i don 't think that tom will believe that really happened .
<unk> , ' said the king , ' what do you desire as your <unk> ? '
they said that they 've been arrested before .
i will dry your t-shirt .
sami was looking for his children .
how did tom meet mary ?
i should 've hired a lawyer .
i didn 't talk to anyone .
i 've never worked with her .
would you tell me why you don 't want to go to boston with tom ?
mary says she 's done that several times .
i thought that tom would be happy .
please , don 't forget to close the door of the meeting room .
tom isn 't the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine .
she beat her children .
you 'll be glad you did that .
i know that tom won 't permit mary to do that .
he <unk> a new engine that does not use gas .
i wanted both tom and mary to leave .
one and a half hours are <unk> minutes .
mary is on a strict diet , isn 't she ?
do you still not know what to do ?
i hope no one saw you coming in here .
i don 't think tom will be at today 's meeting .
tom is considering not doing that .
tom told mary that john was his best friend .
they made their children some cookies .
we shouldn 't let that stop us .
you have a very nice apartment .
i 've completely forgotten his name .
it isn 't your money that i want .
we can 't send you out there .
both tom and mary say they don 't think they <unk> .
you didn 't know who tom and mary were planning on doing that with , did you ?
have you ever been kissed ?
tell her that i am swimming .
do you think i don 't understand what your plan consists of ?
she can take care of herself .
the less he knows , the better .
you saved my marriage , tom .
why did you pick those two for the team ?
tom should try to learn some french .
she works as a secretary in an office .
she said that she wasn 't ticklish .
she goes to school on foot .
i don 't think that i did that very well .
" honey , come to bed . " " no , not yet . i still have to translate some sentences on tatoeba . "
you didn 't know that tom used to do that , did you ?
what would you rather do ?
tom saw right through mary .
tom didn 't tell the police everything .
while i was waiting for the rain to stop , he <unk> gave me a lift .
there 's nothing wrong with that .
do you think you could do that without us ?
tom doesn 't have to explain himself to me .
i don 't think that i 've seen you here before .
tom has been missing three weeks .
can we talk about one more thing ?
tom worked until he was too tired to continue .
his house was small and old .
can i try to do that once more ?
please follow me .
mary knows she needs help .
i 'll try to contact tom .
it isn 't good enough .
when was the last time you made mary cry ?
what kind of food do you like ?
we live by the sea .
the ship left every monday .
he is a doctor and a university professor .
i never saw his face .
sami asked for the money back .
i want everyone in my office in 20 minutes .
how dangerous is tom ?
it was tom 's idea , not mine . don 't blame me .
are you prepared for severe weather ?
i guess i can wait that long .
it 's the first time i give a speech .
tom is likely to still be faster at doing that than mary is .
have you talked to tom about this ?
make sure that the sick are properly attended .
i have been learning english these four years .
you knew i 'd do that , didn 't you ?
tom and mary hope that their next child will be a boy .
tom was excited about the trip to boston .
how were tom and mary able to do that without our help ?
i 'm working in tokyo now .
why did you tell him ?
i didn 't know tom could do this .
you should tell tom that you want him to do that .
who does the suitcase belong to ?
what do you really love to do ?
tom goes to boston once a year .
tom did what was right .
tom is sitting on the bench outside the library .
i 'd have done that by myself if i could have .
tom and mary may not be as busy as they seem .
which one does tom think is good ?
i haven 't kissed my wife in a long time .
fadil sat in his house alone .
have you already decided what to do ?
seldom does a loan come home laughing .
tom must have <unk> mary 's car last night .
let 's eat now . i 'm dying of <unk> .
tom admitted he wasn 't rich .
this is proof that you 're the <unk> .
i came to pick mary up and drive her home .
tom was just as excited as mary was .
tom has written a book about birds .
i 'm not worried about anything .
i live in a town .
sami wanted to ruin layla 's wedding .
tom seems to be very sick .
if i had your looks , i think i 'd hang myself .
i don 't think i need tom 's permission .
i think that tom would be annoyed if you did that .
tom said that he was planning on visiting an old girlfriend in australia .
you 're not the only one who needs to do that .
the world cup is going to start on the <unk> .
she fell in love with one of the other students .
this wasn 't an easy place to find .
do you eat vegetables every day ?
i 'm positive you won 't be <unk> .
i remembered riding home in a <unk> truck last sunday .
there 's a good chance tom will ask mary to help him .
tom told me that he thought that mary would be furious .
i think we 've learned a little bit from tom .
are you not able to speak english ?
tom always brings out the best in people .
don 't be afraid !
tom was thirsty , so he drank a glass of water .
i hurried home .
you will pay for what you 've done .
do you really have to go now ?
i know it 's a mess .
that <unk> box looks a lot like mine .
tom isn 't much of a chess player .
fish have <unk> to live in this river .
i couldn 't decide what to do , so i just followed my heart .
is tom really your boss ?
you didn 't have enough energy to do that , did you ?
is there a place in europe you want to go to ?
where is my diary ?
tom is doing a good job under very difficult circumstances .
the water feels really warm .
ask tom whether mary is at home or not .
it 's not attractive .
i bet tom was real happy .
i almost didn 't win .
tom has a soft spot for mary .
tom said mary thought he might want to do that .
he hurried down the road with long <unk> .
tom is my only brother .
he is my leader .
she goes swimming whenever she can .
mary says she 's fine .
tom lost his land .
would you let me know when tom comes ?
with a <unk> face i went out into the hall and opened the door . to my <unk> it was <unk> holmes who stood upon my step .
i think that tom knows who shot him .
i was just about to leave when tom arrived .
you three make a great team .
there can be walls without a roof , but no roof without walls .
" i love trees " , said the squirrel .
i didn 't realize that tom didn 't want to do that .
i 'm sorry , we have no <unk> .
i went fishing again last weekend .
i haven 't found it yet .
how could you even forget that ?
i shall see him in less than a week .
tom says he wants to have a little fun .
may god give you a good day !
did you call him yet ?
sami and layla started talking about it .
i 'd like an <unk> seat , please .
i 'm glad i waited .
she realized that she had to do that .
suddenly , my feet stopped .
she lied because she 's hiding something .
they 're not real .
tom got into his car , started the engine , and drove away .
mary said she isn 't likely to win .
do you usually get up early ?
is this a bad time to visit ?
tom just asked me to take your temperature .
sorry to let you wait for so long .
i can work with that .
tom was here for a while .
i 'm sure i know just how tom felt .
i think you 've finally found your calling .
i 'll pick up a <unk> of bread on my way home .
i went for a walk with a friend .
mary says she saw tom crying .
" you look a little <unk> , " said he .
who knows why tom did that ?
what will they think of next ?
<unk> is the last place i 'd want to be right now .
tom likes to do that , but his mother doesn 't .
sami wanted every woman .
why don 't we think about this for another week or so ?
mary is from here , isn 't she ?
" i don 't think that 's a good idea . " " nonsense ! what could possibly go wrong ? "
everyone except me knew it .
which club are you a member of ?
tom and mary say this will be the last time they try doing that .
you don 't need to be afraid of making mistakes .
tom doesn 't know mary needs to do that today .
i was at a <unk> recently , in the third row . seeing the actor i love up close like that made me feel more <unk> with him than ever .
you 're the one that i was looking for .
the name on the card is tom jackson .
take your time . we have all afternoon to shop .
how long did you work for us ?
i shouldn 't have trusted them .
didn 't you know that that was happening ?
i 'm happy that we 've finished what we started .
tom and i reached the front door at the same time .
tom just wants to be friends with you .
this is not what we want .
i understand tom is leaving australia tonight .
bad as it was , it could have been worse .
tom and mary said they were really sure they could do that .
i think that tom lied to us .
did you call me yesterday morning ?
it seems that the diamond is real .
after i graduated from college , i got a job with my father 's company .
i didn 't know tom might ask mary to do that .
" tom , what are you doing ? " " what does it look like i 'm doing ? "
he is a teacher .
tom told me that he likes this kind of music .
at that time , she was busy with some sort of work .
they said that they didn 't plan to be there .
sami picked what classes he wanted to take .
tom and mary don 't miss anything , do they ?
tom began to beat his son .
i want to know what you 'd like to do .
whenever my mom has a personal problem her favorite thing to do is write to the advice <unk> in her favorite magazine .
tom found a nice apartment for mary .
i 'm the owner of this company .
how many hours a day do tom and mary study french ?
don 't breathe a word of this to my girlfriend .
he gave his <unk> of race horse names when he was a child as the source of his language ability .
they walked back to their cars .
you can call me tom , by the way .
you 're not supposed to be doing that .
i have other things i want to do this afternoon .
tom has been kicked out of school .
i found it impossible to beat him at english .
both tom and i miss you a lot .
tom is familiar with the subject .
sami is my friend .
why don 't you just ask them ?
tom says mary doesn 't believe john did that yesterday .
i am not ashamed to be seen with them .
you 're the only one who 'll be allowed to do that .
they told me that they were glad to help .
he did not mention it .
tom has bright blue eyes .
do you want to watch a movie or something ?
tom told me that he wouldn 't be coming back .
i didn 't think tom would be permitted to do that .
tom said he didn 't know that mary couldn 't swim very well .
he said that he didn 't have a car .
i 'm not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf .
how can such big mistakes happen ?
autumn is the best season for going on <unk> .
tom will stay in boston with us next month .
however much she eats , she never <unk> weight .
it will cost you a dear .
i 'm giving away a free table .
are we gonna get some beer , <unk> ?
you two are quite the pair .
that 's the concern .
tom doesn 't do that very often .
he found an old safe in his garage .
tom was always in charge .
i 'll buy you a new umbrella .
it 's not going to rain this evening .
i wish i were in boston right now .
don 't call him that .
i assume that we can do that .
tom and mary said they 'd do that in a couple of days .
what 's the nearest planet to the sun ?
tom looks like he 's serious .
mary told me she wouldn 't ever do that again .
i know that both tom and mary have finished doing that .
why have i never heard of them ?
i found my father 's diary which he kept for 30 years .
tom should 've stayed to protect mary .
tom wanted me to be something i wasn 't .
tom stood quietly .
there was nothing wrong with your car .
unfortunately , the food <unk> gave out before the end of winter .
i wrote this poem for tom .
you 're not going to find anybody better than tom for the job .
tom promised to go get that for me .
what does tom want to talk to mary about ?
tom comes to boston every two months .
tom and mary don 't know what they 're doing , do they ?
tom and mary ate a <unk> meal together .
it 's amazing how much time it takes tom to wash his car .
tom said he 'd do anything for you .
she 's alone in her office .
are you sure about this , tom ?
so much has happened since that last time i saw you .
mary looked like she was alone .
layla was really into makeup .
who 's that poem by ?
there were many guests - most of them were our teacher 's classmates and friends .
she says she thinks we can win .
your daughter is very pretty .
mary lent her camera to tom .
my grandmother , before she passed away , always asked for <unk> from the <unk> store .
you knew it all along .
he <unk> the file in what he thought was a safe place .
tom and mary don 't have to do that , but they should .
they are both good students .
i pushed one .
that 's not possible .
i thought tom and mary were going to be late .
tom and three other <unk> got into a fight .
how did you get into harvard ?
why was i turned down for the job ?
leave me alone now .
i was wondering what you were doing .
how are you getting along with your new classmates ?
the bank is closed .
tom doesn 't say very much .
i thought we all had plans tonight .
he 's an animal .
tom will have a heart attack if he 's not careful .
when she heard it , she just cried .
it was such a nice day that we decided to have a picnic .
please tell mary that i 'll do that for her .
how do you get to the bank from here ?
it 's a ridiculous question , really .
i 'm not mad at tom anymore .
mary said she wasn 't overweight .
we 've just finished lunch .
send me a picture of yourself .
don 't speak with your mouth full .
they tell what jesus <unk> did and said , and what others did and said to him .
the sun was hidden by the mountain .
i 'll thank her .
where is spring ?
i should 've asked for permission first .
i usually eat lunch by myself .
i hear what you 're saying .
sami has been trying really hard to be quiet .
tom is already in a bad mood .
sami must have told layla .
on that very day i met the same person .
he can take care of himself now .
sami has never been to egypt .
a very pleasant young woman waited on me in the department store .
the teacher read the book .
mary is really <unk> , isn 't she ?
we learn by trial and error .
i can 't stop laughing when i hear that story .
i 've got some <unk> for you to get fluent in berber .
tom didn 't know i was able to do that .
i wrote a letter to my teacher .
this task is difficult for me .
mary says that she has to attend a meeting this afternoon .
have a lovely day !
i talk to myself .
i knew that tom wasn 't a <unk> .
tom said that he didn 't think that it was a good idea to permit mary to do that .
i want to be around you .
sami went to bed early that night .
<unk> must put an end to war , or otherwise war will put an end to <unk> .
the air is very thin at the top of a high mountain .
i 'm supposed to meet tom at 2 : 30 at the main gate .
i didn 't know that tom didn 't want to do that either .
he 's likely to come .
dance with me , please .
tom knows boston inside out .
you miss them a lot , don 't you ?
tom would be a fool not to do that .
sami was always nervous .
if it had not been for your help , he would have been ruined .
tom began doing that when he was living in boston .
sami 's <unk> wasn 't scared of anything .
mary wanted to sell her car .
tom and i 'll both be busy this afternoon .
tom called mary , but somebody else answered her phone .
he washed his dog yesterday .
i know tom could teach you how to do that .
mary did what you told her to do .
see you about 7 .
i think there 's something you didn 't tell me .
<unk> , i 'm not buying into it .
mary is keeping her promise .
his dream is to study <unk> in the us .
tom talked to me about that already .
but there 's very little time left .
i won 't tell tom that i don 't know how to do that .
tom doesn 't pay us .
i 'll get off here .
what medication is tom on ?
i don 't think that tom will be here today .
tom rose slowly from behind his desk .
don 't do anything tom and mary tell you to do .
he is to phone me this afternoon .
tom and mary really miss their families .
i wasn 't very fluent in french back then .
tom doesn 't want his picture taken .
how was the party ?
i can protect tom .
tom said that he 'd been foolish .
i really like her a lot .
they said they won .
i almost left my umbrella on the bus .
tom could have died that night .
sami fired the gun in a fit of <unk> .
tom and mary say they need more time than that .
i know tom and mary have to do that .
i don 't think that i need to tell tom he needs to study harder .
i 'll go by train .
tom and mary said they didn 't sleep much monday night .
tom wasn 't the first one to volunteer .
everybody but tom knew mary was in love with him .
almost everyone i know has been to boston at least once .
things didn 't work out between tom and mary .
she hasn 't been married long .
i forgot my shopping list at home .
fadil is taking a shower .
tom has a <unk> box of cheap wine in his fridge .
mary met tom on her way home .
maybe i should 've tried harder .
how much time have you spent in boston ?
this is a good book for anyone <unk> to learn english .
what 's on fire ?
he is taller than any other boy .
tom gave both of us this bottle of wine .
i 'll be taking the car .
tom and mary told me they weren 't bored .
tom says he 's good at baseball .
my dad doesn 't know , but mom does .
please make up your mind once and for all .
mary won 't admit that she 's done anything wrong .
tom and mary tried to control their <unk> .
mary said she 'd never allow you to do that .
why are you looking at me ?
they pretended they were doctors .
maria doesn 't eat food that 's sold on the street .
mary is in a lot of trouble , isn 't she ?
mary told me she found a job for me .
you 're a funny girl .
let me alone .
how many people can you feed on an adult cow ?
did you go to tom 's party last monday evening ?
tom and mary told me that they 'd be here early today .
i 'm glad to see you 're doing well .
on <unk> her room , she began to read the letter .
his <unk> passport allowed him to travel easily .
this couch is not comfortable .
it is half past midnight .
she will probably forget her promise .
have you already made friends with her ?
mary made me carry her suitcase .
he never takes medicine for his cold .
tom shouldn 't tell mary about what john did .
tom told me you had stopped by .
mary said she 's glad you didn 't do that .
tom says he can 't stand people who do things like that .
he helped the lady into the car .
he was traveling in that train which <unk> .
if i gave you this doll , i would miss it .
tom is three years younger than me .
i heard that there were female snow <unk> in <unk> , but i don 't know whether it 's true or not .
i should be next .
tom doesn 't usually do this kind of thing .
tom said that i was already unconscious by the time the <unk> arrived .
tom and mary liked the idea until i told them it was john 's idea .
do you think it 'll be easy for you to do that ?
i 'll never forget how nice you 've been to me .
you could have just told her .
i think there 's a good chance that we 'll never see tom again .
are tom and mary still playing outside ?
tom didn 't even speak .
we could fix that .
the committee has something to do with this plan .
let 's go do something fun .
i 'm sure tom 's mother is proud .
all this is new to you , isn 't it ?
i hope that you can get home before 2 : 30 .
i don 't think he will come .
we 're still involved .
tom and mary refused to tell me who gave them those <unk> .
be careful on those rocks .
they say the <unk> used to be well off .
sami probably went to school with layla .
i suggest that we go to that new chinese restaurant on park street .
set the table for lunch .
if you 're looking that sleepy i think anybody could tell .
sami paid layla to do this .
the mother is <unk> her child by the hand .
i 'm sorry , i did my best .
i 've lost the feeling in my legs .
tom said that he remembers asking mary to do that .
why was <unk> so interested in japanese culture ?
i don 't care about that .
when do you leave here ?
tom soon realized there was a problem .
mary told tom that she thought john was asleep .
do you think that could ever happen again ?
i don 't think i know anybody who speaks french .
please forgive me for not having written to you earlier .
tom said that he planned on doing that .
the dog is asleep .
tom has already turned in his report .
i don 't think that i want to answer any more of your questions right now .
tom is extremely impatient .
you can 't imagine how difficult it was for tom .
they said that they felt great .
i feel like a different person .
tom never talks about his children .
i am a volunteer .
you will never become a computer scientist .
i don 't think that you really want to call attention to that .
why did tom think doing that was a good idea ?
she must have been rich .
she gave my shoes a quick brush .
they don 't think they could do that .
i think tom can help us do that next week .
everybody knew that tom didn 't want to live in australia .
tom stood between john and mary .
sami was working at a restaurant at the time .
i just heard about it thirty minutes ago .
use your brain .
he was admitted to that school without taking the exam .
tom will eventually do that , but probably not anytime soon .
nowadays school is considered a <unk> of the world .
you might get killed if you do that .
it was clear that tom was hesitant to do that .
i understand why tom is angry .
i think that tom will likely be home on monday .
well , you may be right .
have some coffee , tom .
they were so frightened that they couldn 't move an <unk> .
tom knows that mary will probably do that .
don 't forget your mother 's birthday !
was it important ?
tom doesn 't want mary to do that anymore .
i could barely speak french at that time .
i agree with you on this .
i told tom i wouldn 't do that again .
i don 't think it 's safe to go out at night .
he put on his coat and gloves .
mary seemed a little hard on herself .
i figured you might know who tom went with .
sami is going to move .
i like chinese food a lot .
tom and mary know they no longer need to do that .
i 'm really glad that didn 't happen .
i don 't like who you 've become .
it 's quite good .
she was very surprised at the news .
mary said that she wasn 't planning on staying very long .
let 's sit in the back of the bus .
i don 't think tom knows what to buy .
i suspect that tom and mary want us to help them do that .
do we have free will ?
tom wants mary to learn how to play the <unk> .
he said he 'll buy that for you .
it is time you put a stop to this nonsense .
tom needed to be in boston last monday .
i think mary really enjoyed herself .
she told me that she 's terrified .
i thought you knew tom was allergic to peanuts .
when i moved to the united states four years ago , i had problems <unk> to a new language and culture .
the cake that tom baked should taste ok .
do you know what <unk> me the most tom ?
tom was the one who paid for the taxi .
i found a very interesting website that presents the complete text of <unk> <unk> , some of which are also translated into english and <unk> .
he left this .
you should be worried .
mary is doing her french homework .
every night before i go to bed , i look out of my window and wonder if the <unk> is really sitting here , <unk> her <unk> with the spring for a mirror . sometimes i look for her <unk> in the <unk> in the morning .
many people drink their coffee black with sugar .
how many times did tom tell you to do that ?
tom said i should 've left early .
if you eat that much , you 'll get fat .
i 'm not <unk> . i 'm russian .
tom is pretty <unk> , isn 't he ?
i know tom jackson personally .
tom said that he thought that mary might want to do that for john .
i 've never traveled by train .
i 'd wait if i were you .
time 's on our side .
tom said he isn 't interested in looking any <unk> into that matter .
tom told mary he was unhappy .
mary told tom that she thought john was hesitant to do that .
he went to the united states last year to brush up his english .
i have no idea who might 've done it .
thank you very much .
i don 't want to read any paper .
mary said she sold tom her car .
tom has been dying his hair .
do you believe i have a chance to get that position ?
i 've decided to go to boston instead of chicago .
i 'll see what i can find out myself .
she seems rich .
your uncle took these pictures , didn 't he ?
are you just going to give in ?
i think we should try to get a <unk> .
i 'm very successful .
tom is going to be waiting for mary in front of the library at 2 : 30 .
i know that tom didn 't win .
tom didn 't miss much .
this is a big deal .
sami did that all by himself .
you used to like me .
just admit that you 're wrong .
i don 't think tom is canadian .
mary tied an <unk> around her <unk> and then took the turkey out of the oven .
tom said that he was very frustrated .
tom and mary said they couldn 't help us today .
i don 't want you to be lonely .
do you have any last wishes ?
please tell tom to lock the doors .
she stood on her head .
tom and mary told me where they were planning to stay .
i can 't say that 's the result i was hoping for .
it seems that i met you somewhere .
i am sorry to have made you wait .
during the <unk> <unk> , the <unk> song by <unk> was a big hit . i 'm sure everyone has heard it . however , it has already been three months . we do not hear the song anymore , do we ?
please give this to us .
it was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street .
everyone knows about us .
people always say i 'm very friendly .
they say they 're innocent .
he wasn 't sure what he should do .
sami called me six days later .
it all happened very fast .
i need five more minutes .
are tom and mary still having trouble sleeping ?
he <unk> himself from any party she is likely to attend .
sami and layla were just sitting around .
you must come every six months for a <unk> .
tom is not going to be happy about this .
mary said she knew the area well .
mary knows she should do that .
he had breakfast .
tom 's voice filled the room .
our <unk> were , in effect , almost the same .
i caught him by the arm before he could fall .
bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away .
he was walking to the store , but stopped next to her house .
no . they are too small .
sami already has a ride .
jack <unk> me with stories about his trip .
tom said he 'd help you do that , too .
<unk> and <unk> must be expected ; but even in the face of <unk> loss and <unk> , i like to think that at bottom i can 't not be all right : i read the lines as they were written .
she went home .
sami got so mad .
we must talk first .
i didn 't know what i would do .
it was easy for me to find water .
i thought you 'd speak french better than tom .
tom and mary said they 'd buy something for john to eat .
she 's been very busy .
i 'm so proud of my team .
i can 't deal with them anymore .
i think that tom and mary used to work together .
sami 's living room is next to the kitchen .
tom said that he expected mary to help him do that .
we complained about the poor service .
we 're the only ones here who know that tom and only tom has to do that .
who did linda run away with ?
we follow the law .
don 't talk about yourself like that .
maybe you ought to talk to him .
the last time i saw tom , he was thirteen .
they promised that they wouldn 't cry .
in spite of all his efforts , he failed the exam .
i 've been looking for it everywhere .
i placed a book on the table .
" you look pale . are you sick ? " " not exactly . "
tom said he wasn 't likely to do that .
i didn 't know about this .
mary is really fast , isn 't she ?
tom was young .
we followed tom .
the man is a woman .
this is the picture i took of tom 's house .
i think you 've been fortunate .
when they arrived at the bush with red <unk> , there stood the <unk> waiting for them , and he had brought another young <unk> with him .
i can 't believe tom and mary are serious .
tom has decided not to live in australia anymore .
here comes the train !
tom is running because he doesn 't want to miss his train .
i think love does not exist .
tom said that it was easier than he expected .
growing children should not always be <unk> with kid gloves .
we ran around the <unk> in the park .
he seems like a great guy .
i was on time for dinner .
i have some relatives in boston .
i 'll use magic on him and turn him into a <unk> .
i don 't think that it 's just me who thinks that what tom is doing is wrong .
mary said she was willing to do the driving .
tom quickly became very famous .
could i use your pencil ?
he is <unk> a life sentence for the murder of his wife .
tom seemed to have lots of friends .
she has small <unk> , but i don 't mind .
the gun went off .
tom started to go insane after his parents died .
it 's not stupid .
mary knows she doesn 't have long to live .
i don 't think that tom likes me .
that was a total waste of time .
he used a weed <unk> to cut the grass near the fence .
please don 't forget to put the letter into the <unk> .
i turned off the fan .
i need to get a hold of him .
he said he 'd only talk to you .
aren 't you afraid that you 'll be left behind ?
can you think of anything else ?
we already know that you did it .
i wasn 't the only one who was here that day .
i have to make certain tom knows what to do .
tom and i spent all evening dancing together .
there 's a lot i still don 't know about my job .
sami didn 't know anything about islam .
tom is in the garage , working on his motorcycle .
once isn 't enough .
he himself went there .
i am alone in the world .
i don 't think that tom is nuts .
we 've got to shake him up .
she 's probably wrong .
put it down , tom .
the roses were from tom .
i can 't keep my eyes open .
how do they feel ?
why are you giving this to me ?
are you <unk> me up at 7 tomorrow morning ?
i suppose you <unk> been told that before .
who did tom say he saw kissing mary ?
i know that that wasn 't correct .
sami and layla were <unk> towards a divorce .
i wish to take advantage of your offer .
he hasn 't paid his taxes .
you look like you 're exhausted .
i was surprised tom didn 't have to do the same thing i had to do .
we talked about this before .
you 're the only person i know <unk> me who likes to do that .
you know everyone .
i thought tom wouldn 't mind waiting for mary .
you ought to tell tom that mary is going to do that .
tom kept singing .
tom doesn 't think mary is ready .
is there something i can help you with ?
she was not at all upset by the news .
i started at the bottom .
nobody wanted to get up from the table .
not worth the remembered value .
someone gave me this .
tom and mary are going to boston .
i needed to leave early .
tom was a <unk> at the swimming pool near my house when i was growing up .
sami 's flight is supposed to leave in six minutes .
he cut the <unk> out of the newspaper .
mary is about to go home , isn 't she ?
tom and i almost got married .
i had no idea how to do that .
tom is worried because he should 've heard from mary by now .
tom and mary said they haven 't talked to john about that yet .
we could have our tea in the garden , were it a little <unk> .
though god may forgive , man is not therefore to forget .
sami could hear the sound of the dogs barking .
sami has to do what he has to do .
tom is coming back to boston .
you know that tom did that , don 't you ?
sami told layla to stay in her room .
we 're planning a trip to australia .
mary didn 't mention where she was planning to go .
mary is a real beauty .
tom couldn 't get to sleep till after three last night .
i asked the student to quiet down . it was like talking to a wall , nothing happened .
until the morning , the camp of the enemy army was surrounded .
tom and mary thought john was going to let them go home early .
didn 't you know tom was mary 's father ?
sami did not do anything that caused layla 's death .
tom told mary that he was married .
i wanted to be a french teacher .
tom has never visited boston .
i won 't be here on monday .
i doubt i 'll ever be able to do that .
i never would agree to do that .
tom wasn 't the first one to arrive this morning .
what you 're looking for is in the closet .
i don 't want to sing .
they were sick .
maybe it would be better if i threw away all these books , kissed your little nose , and forgot all my <unk> and <unk> .
please don 't make me do it .
perhaps i should take an umbrella with me just in case .
i 'd like to book a double room .
i think tom and mary are living in boston now .
tom stayed with us in boston last summer .
i 'd like to know what you 're doing .
that is pretty fucking sick .
i 'm going to fail .
the book 's white .
the last thing you want is for your friends to be bored at the party .
tom said mary knew that john might want to do that by himself .
does tom speak french ?
sami was <unk> back to cairo by layla .
how did tom know where mary was ?
tom says he wouldn 't agree to do that .
i didn 't trust tom and he didn 't trust me .
i think this is pretty cool .
i 'm glad no one was hurt .
you just aren 't paying attention .
don 't leave your work half finished .
neither tom nor mary was in a talkative mood .
do you know the real reason tom isn 't here ?
mary said she didn 't think the smell bothered tom .
that doesn 't mean that i will stop doing it .
while my sisters are dancing in my father 's <unk> , i will go to the sea <unk> of whom i have always been very much afraid ; she will perhaps be able to advise and help me !
do you really think that tom didn 't win ?
tom said that mary wasn 't amused .
no one has died .
tom didn 't know what mary told john .
tom apparently doesn 't have to do that .
tom told me it was stolen .
they are sisters .
tom 's brother is strong .
on account of illness he <unk> himself from school .
don 't you think i know ?
mary <unk> tom to let him know that she 'd arrived in boston .
tom must 've been offended .
when the results are made public , i 'll let you know .
we 'll have to put a stop to this .
sami experienced every father 's worst <unk> . his daughter layla was <unk> and was never seen again .
i think tom has started already .
i would not have said such a nonsense .
you sign here , please .
three hours is a long time to wait .
there are so many mistakes to be made .
can you tell me my future ?
tom feels the same .
he left ten minutes ago .
i had a relationship with my high school teacher .
i 'm afraid this data isn 't reliable .
he said so by way of a joke .
the news caused him to <unk> with anger .
she will find her .
tom and mary looked like they were in a hurry to do that .
tom and only tom knows the whole truth .
i promise that i 'll never do it again .
tom and mary started dating each other a few months ago .
i asked her out .
tom said mary would very unlikely cry .
tom told me he 'd likely cry .
i didn 't think tom needed to do that until tomorrow .
mary said she called tom monday evening .
tom quickly put out the fire .
are tom and mary awake ?
let 's split a bottle of wine .
you 're working hard .
what a heavy desk this is !
i think tom is waiting for someone to pick him up .
mary thinks some of her friends will do that .
i didn 't know that you had a dog .
i still call tom from time to time .
i don 't know who that person is .
i know that you 've been to australia .
tom doesn 't have the <unk> to do that anymore .
i knew tom would like to be the first one to do that .
i hope this isn 't a mistake .
i know there 's work to do .
tom knows mary doesn 't know how to drive .
tom told everybody he had to do that .
please go back inside .
tom didn 't like school .
tom 's office is the third door on the left .
the law is clear .
i 'm just glad tom and mary are ok .
will you hand me that pencil ?
tom apologized for his actions .
mary said she wanted to do that , but she didn 't .
tom is a friend of my friend 's .
i 'll buy what i need at that shop .
she poured herself a cup of tea .
can you do that faster ?
they said that they 'd forgotten something .
you know i won 't sing .
we have to win .
it 's just a cut .
i did it once .
i knew that tom would 've allowed you to do that if you 'd asked him .
we have to stop meeting like this .
you should begin with easier questions .
i hope tom is curious .
i thought that they were unemployed .
i won 't be able to do that anymore .
i have heard nothing else from him yet .
tom and mary said they 're confident of success .
yes , i 'm the wife .
tom knows a lot about mary .
he was obviously drunk .
tom found a seat near the door .
sami and layla were drinking .
she looks just like you when you were her age .
i know tom is about as tall as mary .
i 'm a little bit tired today .
please leave me alone . i am busy .
maybe tom wasn 't right .
what are tom and mary running from ?
i knew that tom was the one who wanted to do that .
what happened in the park ?
i thought you could help me .
sami 's desk was there .
tom said he hoped that he could figure out how to do that .
i don 't think that i enjoy watching baseball as much as you do .
he asked me whether she had given me the book , or if i had bought it myself .
he often goes to japan on business .
tom isn 't as young as you .
he ate chicken , along with salad and <unk> .
tom is the captain of the football team .
you might not want to sing right now .
you can help us do that , can 't you ?
mary surprised everyone when she did that .
is tom lazy ?
you were in the taxi , weren 't you ?
clean up the kitchen .
tom thought he was going to be shot .
i tried to keep warm .
sami was working for this company .
mary said she 's glad that you did that for tom .
sami told layla to go upstairs .
i know that tom will be home on october 20th .
tom let us know he didn 't want to do that .
tom shouldn 't be too worried .
why doesn 't mary return my phone calls ?
tom said that he did that the wrong way .
she says she has to speak french .
the soup in the bowl was very delicious .
the cost of living here is very low .
where did you dry them ?
my strength is all gone .
she is able to translate immediately after he says something .
i have good news and bad news . which one do you want first ?
they want me to work with them .
tom really should 've helped mary more .
i have always had faith in you .
mary is waiting for her check .
i like <unk> sports , such as baseball , tennis and soccer .
tom says he won 't do it anymore .
sami 's youtube video did really well .
tom asked mary what time she expected to get home .
i don 't want to sell my car .
i 'll be thirteen next month .
nothing is planned .
she said she 's curious .
i 'll miss tom , too .
tom and mary said they should 've left earlier .
tom never did learn to play guitar very well .
i heard that you helped tom and mary find jobs .
you 'd better leave him alone .
tom said he thought you knew mary .
it was very cold yesterday morning .
i don 't know when i 'll be able to pay you back the money i owe you .
sami told layla to avoid farid and she listened .
that is a hell of a thing .
it was clear tom was the one who was supposed to tell mary not to do that .
tom was just about to go out when his <unk> rang .
it 'll probably be easy for tom to do that .
you 're the only person that can persuade him .
mary is <unk> when she 's at home .
sami and layla are paid the same .
no one was seriously injured .
are we going to visit boston ?
sami 's parents loved layla .
tom took credit for my idea .
everyone must obey the rules . those who don 't will be punished .
sami would never hurt a fly .
tom and mary got <unk> as they grew older .
this one has a lot of <unk> over that one .
tom didn 't look at me .
this may be correct .
my public <unk> take a lot of time .
<unk> away ' will always work even with <unk> and the last boss , so when you 're in trouble let 's run away .
students must not use this toilet .
does tom still enjoy it ?
tom said mary knew that he might not be permitted to do that by himself .
for example , it is 7 : 00 <unk> in london now .
there is no telling who will be sent in his place .
mary got her hair done this afternoon .
i still haven 't decided what to give tom for his birthday .
she was so kind as to give me advice .
mary doesn 't want to clean her room .
tom came to pick me up after work .
i didn 't touch tom .
how does it <unk> a person to be beautiful ?
what do you have hidden behind your back ?
she wore a <unk> tied around her hair .
there is a way .
mary went back to her hotel room .
i plan to get a hold of tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help .
they drank a cup of coffee .
are you really afraid ?
he wants that .
sami kept trying to earn layla 's trust .
the pond was completely frozen in the morning .
these days many people use computers .
tom blew his nose loudly .
i never should have tried doing that by myself .
tom has decided that he 's not going to sign the contract .
tom said he wished he knew how to do that .
tom said he doesn 't think that mary really had to go yesterday morning .
there 's a possibility that i 'll die tomorrow .
sami passed the stop line .
instead of waiting for tom , let 's eat now before the food gets cold .
tom seemed to agree .
sami could hear screaming outside .
yes , tom , you 're probably right .
i think tom isn 't a very good singer .
i hope tom doesn 't get embarrassed easily .
i want you to call me tom .
since then she couldn 't look up to her mother .
don 't step on that , it 'll <unk> !
we 'd be great together .
tom said the decision was made by his boss .
mary may do that right now if she wants to .
tom didn 't want to change that .
tom is going to come this afternoon .
he has plenty of money in the bank .
that street was very noisy .
i 'm not happy with my job .
i really like this one .
i can go if you want me to .
you could argue that .
don 't do this .
you 're a real pain in the ass .
most parents see their own children as the best in the world .
well , aren 't you going to tell us what happened ?
you never gave her a chance .
the concert was a success .
it 's funny , you know .
if only everyone were the way i should be .
we played chess not so much to enjoy the game as just to kill time .
i wasn 't able to open the safe .
tom has helped me a lot .
i heard you say you liked <unk> , so i bought you one .
i 'm <unk> , but i 'm fair .
the prince says that the world will be saved by beauty ! and i <unk> that the reason he has such <unk> ideas is that he is in love .
he came here to ask us to help him .
none of us plan on doing that .
i was going to see him .
the teacher is chinese .
tom will love living in australia .
we don 't accept that .
tom disappeared on october 20 , 2013 .
tom and mary say they 're almost ready to leave .
my headache is finally gone .
i saw you with my own eyes with those girls .
have you ever visited the <unk> of liberty ?
sami beat up his teacher .
would you like to know why ?
he 's not fit to be a teacher .
what 's the point of all of this ?
we got stuck in traffic .
mary claims she couldn 't care less , but i bet she could .
i think there 's a good possibility that that will happen .
mary said she shouldn 't have walked home alone .
what time is fadil supposed to be home ?
we 're totally cool with it .
let 's not beat around the bush here ! i 'm pregnant , and you 're the kid 's father .
tom could 've answered all those questions .
where is the newspaper ?
i don 't like your dog .
aren 't you going to tell us what happened ?
tom liked it .
don 't hold dinner for me .
i heard my name called from behind .
sami has to make sure that this is a good job for him .
how do you think the <unk> is going ?
jack of all <unk> , and master of none .
tell tom what you heard .
where are you planning to spend the night ?
i know that tom wants to make a good impression .
mary loved her dog .
tom and mary will be fired if they do that again .
you know why we 're here .
i really loved my job .
i need to know that somebody cares .
she turned off her computer .
tom tried to force the <unk> pieces to fit together .
i 'd advise studying french .
tom and mary are as ready as they 'll ever be .
the driver felt like taking a rest .
do tom and i have to stay in australia all week ?
i 've no idea why he did that .
you don 't speak french very well , do you ?
i don 't want to go back to australia .
this job has no future .
i was angry and confused .
my family isn 't that large .
sami wanted some juice .
where did mary get the money to buy that dress ?
that was a bright spot in an otherwise <unk> day .
we 're fed up with your complaining .
are you going back to the beach this afternoon ?
tom said that he doesn 't think that mary really knows how to do that .
he moved the desk to the right .
do you want to stay with me ?
he ordered the boys not to <unk> in the classroom .
i don 't think you 'll win .
soccer is my favorite sport .
she denied she stole the money .
tom seems happy .
when talking with the police , you shouldn 't make up stories or lie .
tom warned mary .
thinking about it still makes me angry .
tom won 't need to walk home this afternoon .
i didn 't think that tom would be too busy to do that .
tom and mary could 've gotten home by themselves .
at times i have breakfast in a restaurant .
i set the <unk> down on the table .
did you get on the wrong bus again ?
it 's strange that happened .
not only did i forget to close the window , but i also forgot to <unk> .
tom bet mary dinner that it doesn 't rain this week .
if tom is going to the zoo with you , i 'll go , too .
there goes the bell .
does tom still think that 's what we want ?
monday was <unk> as the day for the next meeting .
she left here right away .
tom won 't stop you from doing what you plan to do .
we used to work for them .
i don 't think tom has the strength to do that .
i want him to do it alone .
the cat seems extremely happy .
i didn 't want to do that , but i did it anyway .
i 'll buy whatever tom wants me to buy for him .
tom is bored , isn 't he ?
look at this japanese car .
what 's your favorite kind of book to read ?
both tom and mary know the truth .
he never called back .
he is engaged in the study of energy .
tom was shot three times .
it 's not my job .
he can 't have done the work for himself .
what is she eating ?
tom and mary have said that they won 't win .
i was told that i should see a doctor .
sami was shorter than me .
tom and mary aren 't planning on traveling together .
after a short visit he suddenly got up and took his leave .
she opened her mouth as if to speak , but didn 't say anything .
my father is good at cooking . as for my mother , she is good at eating .
tom will be allowed to drive .
they 're all nuts .
i don 't have the time or the money to take a trip .
what 's all this got to do with tom ?
does tom always speak for you ?
i 've never actually been alone .
i spent 10 dollars on it .
i got you a gift .
tom is often mistaken for a student .
i don 't want you to pay for it .
do you know how to <unk> a computer ?
i 'm just <unk> you not to waste your time .
tom said that he was going back home .
home is where the heart is .
are you doing any food ?
hey , you only live once .
he is poor and could not buy a coat .
" something to drink ? " " no , thank you . "
i thought that tom would go to the bank and get some cash .
it looks like you guys have done some serious studying !
it 's crazy !
sami was having a great time .
just <unk> those thoughts from your mind - they 're crazy and not worth thinking about .
we both were in boston all last summer .
how ridiculous i was as a <unk> ! and how happy i am , now that i have become a real boy !
please return your order form along with a <unk> envelope .
he knew he was about to die .
layla was concerned about her kids .
i would have to vote for tom .
i 'm angry with you about this .
i was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had <unk> to be one .
the evidence is reliable .
i 'm as busy as tom .
you don 't have to go to today 's meeting .
i didn 't realize that tom shouldn 't do that .
why are you doing this for us ?
we should remain here .
i don 't know where he is or what he 's doing .
tom is going to be here for a couple more hours .
tom doesn 't work for us anymore .
i don 't like speaking in french and tom and mary don 't either .
the radio was missing from the boat .
i have a sharp pain in the stomach .
you 'll lose time .
have you thought about it ?
i know tom does that better than mary does .
i want to stay in the game .
i wonder if tom can really speak french .
i heard from tom that mary wasn 't able to do that .
excuse me , could you show me how to use the washing machine ?
tom got out his key and opened the door .
tom does that differently .
mary says she doesn 't really know how old tom is .
tom won 't likely tell mary why he enjoyed doing that .
tom doesn 't really enjoy eating at expensive <unk> , does he ?
what a nonsense he talks .
mathematics is the most beautiful and most powerful <unk> of the human spirit .
it probably wouldn 't have been possible to do that by yourself .
you seem convinced that tom could do that by himself .
i thought tom had already done that .
you don 't have to go to school on sunday .
if tom starts laughing , i probably will , too .
everyone <unk> . i 'll grow old too .
tom introduced mary to me .
is it true that tom was caught stealing from little kids ?
they didn 't want to lose their <unk> .
i want to make sure you know what to do .
i 'm getting hot .
<unk> ! stay right where you are or i 'll shoot !
they are looking at the beautiful flowers .
there 's a garden behind our house .
why should anyone be mad ?
tom was always on time .
tom and mary are calling me . i have to go .
tom has been behind <unk> for a very long time .
she has begun to play tennis not so much out of <unk> as out of <unk> .
tom has been here for quite a long time .
i wrote this song for tom .
i would have done the same thing tom did .
ask tom if he wants to go .
tom got here three hours early .
i 'm not like you !
tom said that mary went to a divorce lawyer .
my sister likes classical music no less than i do .
tom and i got along fairly well .
mary isn 't afraid of anything , is she ?
i 'm afraid that <unk> every rule in the book .
she was in the habit of sitting up late at night .
tom told me that he found an interesting book about boston at the local library .
i made the right decision .
she has said she should do that .
before tom and mary realized what was happening , their friendship had turned into love .
would you come our house ?
i have the feeling that there have been hardly any interesting <unk> lately .
sami goes to bed at nine .
i have a fever .
mary said everybody she knows has been to boston .
she seems excited .
you didn 't lie to tom about that , did you ?
we can 't fish there anymore .
the next day , i didn 't get up until noon .
i thought tom and mary were going to be here today .
i got kind of scared .
i think that tom would 've helped us if he 'd been there .
how much did the ring cost ?
they walked inside .
tom and mary are very <unk> , aren 't they ?
why didn 't you help us escape ?
tom said that mary didn 't have anything to read .
should i be worried about him ?
ask tom and mary if they 're willing to work <unk> .
i think that tom is still alive .
do you have any more ?
tom and mary let me know they 'd done that .
it is raining now .
you knew tom and mary told everyone they were going to do that , didn 't you ?
i thought that i 'd be in australia on monday .
tom and i work together at the same company .
plants can <unk> buildings in a matter of few years .
i don 't believe that either .
i wish tom were here .
i hope that i don 't <unk> the job .
sami has to take an <unk> every day .
tom wanted to know if you 've already talked to mary about what we wanted her to do .
tom is very sick , isn 't he ?
more or less , he is crazy .
no one was present .
tom seemed to know mary didn 't do what she said she was going to do .
how many cats does tom have ?
can she give them a hand on sunday morning ?
i still have some work that has to be done .
i told mary i wouldn 't do that for her .
tom and mary said it was more difficult to do that than they thought it would be .
you are a dream .
why would tom care ?
tom changes his mind all the time .
tom said mary was going to do that for john .
tom won 't likely have to do that .
there 's a picture of tom on the wall .
i have to get away from this place .
it 's our job to help tom .
i wasn 't really paying attention to what was going on .
tom and mary <unk> their degrees in 2013 .
i love my kids .
i can 't help you anymore .
tom and mary said that they were feeling bad .
mary couldn 't believe her good luck .
tom and his brother live together .
i assume you 're canadian .
" do friends sleep with friends and then murder them ? " <unk> asked in return .
he took her hand and sat down beside her .
if you take this medicine , you will feel better .
do you really think we can help ?
i can 't explain why that happened .
tom and mary said they thought i might want to do that by myself .
sami was already so used to that happening .
i don 't think you 're funny .
tom was surprised mary agreed with john .
are you sure tom isn 't the one who did that ?
i don 't believe any of it .
would tom do that by himself ?
i thought that you were going to come over last night .
what is the difference between this and that ?
i can 't be there until tomorrow .
he seems interested in her .
tom came yesterday to see you .
tom is getting used to living in australia .
why does anyone care ?
sami sent layla many text messages .
i 'm very busy now .
tom is the little brother i never had .
we all know that it 's better to keep early hours .
tom seemed to not like you very much .
tom turned off his computer .
sami and layla wanted to have a beautiful wedding .
they admitted that they were very tired .
i heard that tom and mary are stubborn .
tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that again .
tom sat down on one of the <unk> .
aren 't you going to dance with tom ?
i 've got nothing you could use .
mary likes to pretend she 's a <unk> when swimming .
i <unk> you this is the real thing .
can you believe this stuff ?
i hear that popular group will be <unk> .
the difference between the two <unk> of " yes " may be greater than between " yes " and " no " .
tom told me that he was suspicious .
tom was happy to be home again .
i don 't do that at all .
i 've got a degree from a <unk> .
i will tell my parents that i want to leave by myself .
you can use this pen .
i won 't be long .
do you often drive your car to work ?
the traffic accident is fresh in his memory .
the weather changes very often at this time of year .
most houses around here don 't have <unk> .
tom said he was the only one who wanted to do that .
i hurt her feelings on purpose .
i need somebody to tell me what 's going on .
the plane crashed into the house .
who asked you anything ?
a country that <unk> its past , that knows nothing and wants to know nothing about it , cannot have a future .
he stayed up late last night .
he seems to be a <unk> american boy .
i just got back three hours ago .
we can 't let tom go .
i didn 't think that tom would be tempted to do that .
it 's not weird .
nobody wants to be the first one to jump into the pool .
tom knew that he couldn 't do what needed to be done .
your car 's here .
tom couldn 't rule out the possibility that he was mistaken .
tom is really excited about it .
i don 't have time to do that right now .
they hope that they can do that .
we don 't and won 't follow your rules .
i 'm cold . may i close the window ?
tom is never going to permit you to do that again .
have you begun yet ?
i wish my wife was like that .
tom will most likely agree to do that .
she told me she 's fine .
i just did that .
they said they weren 't ready to talk .
i admitted i wasn 't really interested in doing that .
tom has no idea what mary needs to do .
i did it according to your instructions .
sami and layla moved in together and created their dream home .
i wonder what tom would do .
don 't you sleep well at night ?
they admitted that they were married .
we 'll get this one .
tom is taller than any of the other kids in his class .
you can 't breathe here .
do you really think that tom is desperate ?
she said she has to call the police .
well , the one thing that i really <unk> about chicago was the weather .
tom and mary said they 're going to do that .
tell tom i can 't marry him .
mary is very clever , isn 't she ?
tom told me to not open the envelope up till it was my birthday .
i don 't want to play with her .
i 'd rather study french with a native french speaker .
the day was very hot ; and when at a turn of the road , he found himself on the very <unk> of the cool blue water , no wonder he felt <unk> to <unk> .
she took off her ring .
tom said that 's not what he needs to do .
i should have parked my car somewhere else .
there are many books , aren 't there ?
mary promised to do that , but she didn 't .
we see each other every day .
what kind of girl do you think i am ?
it 's really hot here in the summer .
it doesn 't have to end like this .
i wonder if you are truly happy .
you still look very tired .
sami talked about islam .
i read everything i can get my hands on . i read everything written .
tom wouldn 't do that , so i asked mary to .
tom isn 't smart .
days of the holidays .
tom was convinced that mary didn 't want to do that .
and the tree was often alone .
i know tom won 't be the first one to do that .
i think <unk> we 're in good shape .
he received a <unk> advance for his book .
sami had met layla before .
it isn 't entirely your fault .
it 's what we deserve .
he could make nothing of it .
aren 't you on some kind of medication ?
tom will likely be sympathetic .
i was surprised that tom spoke french so well .
get out of my head ! get out !
when tom and mary heard about what happened , they started laughing .
tell tom that it was all my fault .
i <unk> didn 't know a thing about this .
i can teach you something .
mary says she didn 't know tom wasn 't able to speak french very well .
i know tom wasn 't going to do that tomorrow .
tom didn 't have an appointment .
we will take part in a tennis match .
that little house looks just like the little house my grandmother lived in when she was a little girl , on a hill covered with <unk> and apple trees growing around .
by now , the train must have left .
tom and mary looked at their dog .
please help !
i don 't think that tom was annoyed .
mary said she 's motivated to do that .
it was obvious that it would be this way .
what time do you usually leave your house in the morning ?
tom and i have work to do .
i don 't travel very often .
you 've seen what this machine can do .
tom and mary are from the same city .
tom only had three hundred dollars .
i 'll talk to him tomorrow .
you need to call tom and mary and tell them .
i 'm going to name him tom .
i think i 'm the person who should do that .
though mike likes his job very much , it does not pay well .
i 've eaten my sandwich .
i think that tom will be last .
the air force <unk> her to become a pilot .
fadil walked away from his family .
i think that tom is too shy to talk to mary .
what 's written on the stone ?
it must be morning , for the birds are singing .
i love arguing with them .
i don 't know what you think is going to change .
drinking just one glass of wine a day will damage your health , according to a study .
i 'd never steal anything from you .
right now , tom and mary just want to be left alone .
tom was <unk> in the dark to <unk> how terrified he was to be alone in the house which was <unk> to be haunted .
every sunday , i drive to my local <unk> <unk> . i drive really fast , with loud music on .
i 'm trying to figure out what you need to do .
the teacher went around the room .
this is the first time i 've ever needed help .
that 's good news to me .
we 're helping them out with something .
i promise you i 'll be there anytime you need me .
tom and mary promised me they 'd pay their <unk> .
she looks like she 's lost .
he 's very cute and he 's really smart .
our school <unk> decided to do away with that school rule .
i believe it to be he .
i was very poor in those days .
tom probably could 've told us how to do it .
tom didn 't have a hat on .
i know that tom will allow us to do that .
tom has decided that he isn 't going to stay here .
he has fully recovered and can already work again .
sami should be able to work this thing .
i thought that tom was cool .
i 'd like an honest answer .
why is tom still in there ?
i tell everybody that i can 't speak french , even though i can .
there 's something <unk> going on in there .
i wonder why the police didn 't find the gun .
tom will probably get arrested if he does that .
did you really want to do that ?
layla wanted to take her hijab off .
mary wasn 't wearing a <unk> hat the last time i saw her .
tom must be very hard up for friends .
i hate you all as you are .
tom and mary watched from their porch .
we discussed quite a few interesting things .
don 't sign the contract in pencil .
when was the last time you saw that cat ?
do you really think tom and mary are retired ?
you must have dropped them .
is there bus service to the airport ?
it 's quite a lot of work , actually .
tom put his bag on the counter .
it 's a terrible shame that <unk> are so <unk> and the wise are full of doubt .
give me a break here .
tom said that mary was planning on going by herself .
is it true you used to live in australia ?
give me some coffee .
you didn 't need to get here so early .
if i were you , i would also do the same .
they got into an argument over the price .
tom said he thought mary had finished doing that .
all you have to do is to <unk> the ability to put yourself in the other fellow 's place .
maybe we should start .
how much money did you bring with you ?
tom and mary said they were leaving .
tom says he 's unhappy .
you should prepare a room for the <unk> .
she sent him a long letter .
the woman was going home .
i can 't ask you to put yourself in danger .
tom and mary have been told not to do that by themselves .
i wanna want .
she <unk> for her husband to come home .
tom seemed a little confused .
we need to do that now .
i felt like singing loudly when the exam was over .
i never kiss tom anymore .
i only knew how to speak french at that time .
tom seemed to be reluctant to do that for us .
this is a lie .
he went to sleep and never woke up .
you 're going to make me lose my head !
you know that tom doesn 't want to do that , don 't you ?
i think tom and mary are thirsty .
tickets will go on sale next monday .
tom said he thought that mary would be reluctant to do that .
i usually have to change my clothes two or three times a day during the hot summer in <unk> .
tom has decided he 'll ask mary to do that .
that 's a good school .
tom likes to make faces at children when their parents aren 't looking .
tom changed his mind after thinking about it for a long time .
what time do you have ?
it was brought home to me how important education is .
why is tom trying to scare me ?
tom asked me if i would mind helping him .
i regret having come to australia .
tom and mary both miss you a lot .
did tom say who was going to help him ?
tom and mary say that they won 't speak french .
what did tom have to say about that ?
i remember very clearly that he threw two <unk> into the river .
i knew that was going to happen .
tom must be really lonely .
tom and mary say that they used <unk> .
i wanted to watch you die .
i 've always had a job .
i 've never been this happy before .
i should stay here .
tom said he 's glad that that you did that for mary .
let mary listen to what she wants .
i 'd prefer to be at home .
you know i need it back .
it 's all our fault .
it 's a golden family .
tom is the only one who doesn 't have an umbrella .
you may invite to the festival whoever wants to come .
they have lost 10 games in a row since their winning <unk> ended .
you 're too young to marry .
what did tom and mary do that for ?
if you turn to the left , you 'll see a white building .
how many eggs do you eat a week ?
the bridge had been built before that time .
i want to become better at teaching .
tom knew mary couldn 't do that without some help .
he <unk> the accident to the bad weather .
we shot tom .
tom shouldn 't do such things .
i don 't want to cause any more trouble .
the idea is not in itself a bad one .
you don 't know him .
i 'm the first boy you 've ever kissed , aren 't i ?
" <unk> , i broke the <unk> ... " " i think , i 'll better get a new one . "
mary said she wouldn 't try to do that anymore .
i should like to have a friend to <unk> with .
don 't you want to get him back ?
does tom have what it takes to manage a team full time ?
you can not afford this house !
i can speak french as well as english .
sami lost weight .
tom tried to talk , but he couldn 't .
she still hasn 't cleaned her room .
i spoke to the minister himself .
wouldn 't you like to know why i did that ?
do you want to join us for some drinks ?
tom doesn 't really like me .
she missed her bus .
tom thinks mary can speak french .
who took part in the contest ?
i don 't eat <unk> food as often as tom and mary do .
we can hardly speak too highly of his <unk> .
he seems to have a habit of getting on his <unk> 's back when he makes a mistake .
neither tom nor mary has been taken to the hospital .
i could see tom wasn 't in the mood to do that .
how tall is that tower ?
tom has a son who 's a <unk> in college .
someone put an envelope on your desk .
please add tom 's name to the list .
tom says that mary is a good student .
i have to translate the sentences .
there are two schools in our village .
this popular german singer only sings in english .
i didn 't really enjoy doing that .
are you free tomorrow afternoon ?
somebody told her the whole truth .
just call me .
tom , with whom i was <unk> the apartment , moved out last month .
mary says she still can 't believe tom did that .
we almost got there on time .
they believed us .
tom hasn 't yet been told to do that again .
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was lucky .
i won 't force you to eat that .
we <unk> that house , not because we were pleased with it , but because it was near the station .
i usually don 't talk this much .
tom put mary 's suitcase on her bed .
sami took us to the scene of one of those <unk> .
i knew that tom would be forgiven if he did that .
she gave me something .
how did you make tom laugh ?
tom was scared to go in the cave by himself .
i wish i were by your side .
i don 't go to a very good school .
tom is going to go to australia with me .
they haven 't arrived yet .
he lost his balance .
i like what you 've written .
i thought you were going to do something about that .
is it possible to tell funny stories in <unk> ?
i 'll be there to help you .
the question is , will you ?
the poet <unk> belongs to the romantic school .
how long did you know him ?
i wore a coat <unk> i catch a cold .
you will not persuade him with these words .
i wonder why tom didn 't call me .
i 've never fallen in love .
tom told me mary wouldn 't want to play <unk> with us .
i want to know what you 'd like to drink .
i think we ought to go in .
sami gave me the keys .
sami doesn 't want layla swimming without her <unk> cap .
i had no idea what tom had to do .
in the end , jane didn 't buy it .
we 're supposed to wait for them .
did tom expect you to do that ?
i don 't know what tom and mary look like now .
i have to do my homework instead of going out .
tom wasn 't able to get mary to do anything .
they know that we trust them .
layla 's body was removed .
tom promised mary he wouldn 't eat her piece of cake .
i had a <unk> that he would leave me .
how do you know tom and mary are there ?
does tom know we 're here ?
i say " i 'm tom " .
don 't take it so hard !
how often he is taking part in <unk> ?
sami told layla a horror story .
have you ever considered not doing that ?
tom didn 't want anyone to do that for mary .
tom and i aren 't the only ones who know how to fix this .
i can 't believe we won .
i wonder if you 're as busy as i am .
it 's an easy mistake to make .
i <unk> you that won 't be necessary .
sami has a lot of weird stories .
tom is a terrible roommate .
tom and mary would help us , wouldn 't they ?
listen to who 's talking .
i agreed to accept tom 's offer .
is there a chance that we 'll lose our jobs ?
you 'd better <unk> up before the boss gets back .
tom does that every day .
you didn 't seem surprised when i told you tom didn 't have to do that .
there 's nothing else to drink .
i wanted to be like him .
you still have to fill out this application form .
sami found his <unk> bank in layla 's room .
mary can 't be in boston . i just saw her in chicago .
she doesn 't want you around .
i 'm way younger than tom thinks i am .
" my friend here wants to take <unk> ; and as you were complaining that you could get no one to go <unk> with you , i thought that i had better bring you together .
i don 't think that tom would be reluctant to do that .
the young girl gave the guest a little flower .
mary told me that she grew up in boston .
she reached for her glass of milk .
i can 't make them do anything .
they 're afraid to leave their houses .
tom has decided to stay in boston for another three days .
she takes care of fifty odd children .
tom said he had no money .
i wonder whether i 'll like doing that .
the boy came back to life .
i 'm going to go to the united states on vacation .
i hate it when i dream things that <unk> what i feel when awake .
don 't walk in the park at night !
it was a special day for tom .
less than one percent of all the water on earth is fresh .
he is waiting for a telephone call .
i wonder if he will stand by me when i am in trouble .
i hate to correct you .
tom quickly pulled the door open .
oh , don 't worry about that .
you don 't need to be so <unk> .
i knew that tom wasn 't a brave person .
you 're out of luck , tom .
i was quite confused .
i knew that tom knew who was going to do that for mary .
i was born this way !
i got those pictures you wanted .
we 're not as eager to go there as tom and mary seem to be .
fadil raised his children to believe violence <unk> all problems .
tom covered his ears .
maybe the only one here who doesn 't have to do that is tom .
tom and mary didn 't seem to understand why they should do that .
how do you know that you 're not <unk> me for someone else ?
do you really want to know why tom doesn 't like you ?
it looks like tom and mary are tense .
sami was hesitant at first .
i think that 's what tom was trying to tell me .
sami invited farid and his wife over for dinner .
tom wasn 't the one who convinced mary to teach john how to do that .
mary said she 's glad tom has finally graduated .
i call her pretty often .
we waited for tom to turn up .
tom has a good chance of being hired for the job .
i 'm not sure what 's wrong . we should 've heard from tom by now .
tom thought he should say something , but he didn 't know what to say .
tom told us about what he did in boston .
you should tell tom what to do .
tom and mary told me they were in boston .
what kind of car do you have ?
where did tom take his socks off ?
they might be able to help you .
tom said that he isn 't sure whether mary can swim .
that sounds like the kind of thing he 'd do .
" why are you spending your time with this trash ? " " who are you calling trash , you <unk> ? "
we already talked .
they were washing the sand off their feet .
stop that car .
tom wasn 't able to get mary to laugh .
tom and mary say they don 't plan to do that here .
that might help .
tom didn 't seem to be as upset as mary seemed to be .
tom was sitting on the sofa .
tom doesn 't need me to do that anymore .
tom just told me what needed to be done .
sami went over to layla 's house and spent two to three hours over there .
how 's it supposed to work ?
something bad was about to happen .
i drink coffee when i get up .
they 're upstairs in their rooms .
you 'll have to do that whether you like it or not .
in her <unk> , she burst into tears .
why is tom mad at you ?
the thief slipped into the house .
tom and mary are going to get killed if they aren 't careful .
i 've decided to fire them .
and what did they tell me ?
tom has been doing that his whole life .
he seems to have something to do with it .
why don 't you come and stay with us next summer ?
tom thinks that he doesn 't have to do that .
tom probably isn 't hungry yet .
i can 't believe you 're <unk> them .
<unk> must have been at home when i tried to get in touch with her , but she didn 't answer the telephone .
be careful crossing the street .
we think that it 's our duty to pay taxes .
i won 't tell anyone if you won 't .
this water tastes good .
tom didn 't know we were supposed to do that this morning .
i don 't think that tom wants to sing with us .
sami got layla her wine .
do you want to get out of here or not ?
what kinds of things do you have on the computer ?
tom didn 't last long .
i used to worry about the difference in our ages .
it is said that his new novel is based on his own <unk> .
here 's one reason .
" i work on a farm , " said tom .
he ought to talk to his lawyer .
this is the next one !
that won 't be good enough .
we can 't let them in .
this is a picture of tom 's wife .
i think that tom did that by mistake .
you never seemed to like it here .
just sit tight , everyone .
when you drink water , do not forget those who <unk> the well .
why didn 't tom come to the party ?
i wonder whether i can really learn how to do that in three hours .
i will take the next plane for new york .
i 'm too young to drive a car .
i really don 't want to sit in that room .
don 't you see what 's happened ?
tom said he didn 't want to eat at that restaurant .
i 'll do that by all means .
tom is available tonight .
i was pretty excited about it .
tom said he hadn 't thought about it like that .
tom knew that the police could show up at any minute .
sami is going to shoot his first <unk> next week .
tom and i are safe .
tom said that mary understood french .
i think it 's possible that he may come .
i 'll be late for school !
i always thought tom could swim .
tom said that he 'd been spending a lot of time with mary .
i didn 't know tom didn 't want me there .
tom said he 'll probably go shopping with mary on october 20th .
sami made a call to police .
he told me about the accident .
i know that tom knows that mary doesn 't need to do that .
maybe tom can help me .
sami absolutely lost it .
tom will want to know more .
didn 't you know what to do ?
tom threw an empty beer can at mary .
you can rely on me .
they admitted they weren 't perfect .
she read the poem out loud .
tom 's and mary 's houses aren 't far from their <unk> .
where did you burn them ?
the toilet is upstairs .
as he grew older , he became more <unk> .
we 've been wondering where you were .
i think that tom isn 't able to do that anymore .
don 't try too hard !
sami doesn 't do this kind of stuff .
should i tell ?
recent studies suggest this isn 't the case .
how do you like japan ?
you must be careful that she doesn 't fall over the <unk> .
i can 't put up with the noise any longer .
i don 't think that tom knows how worried mary is .
we decided to give it a go .
i bought a shirt yesterday .
tom and mary said that they were finished .
tom <unk> his son in front of everybody .
i 'm back in business .
you can 't be older than i am .
tom told me that he thought mary would be jealous .
rain prevented us from taking a walk .
the number of people suffering from heart disease has increased .
that 's exactly what might happen .
please don 't make noise .
i haven 't gotten around to doing that yet .
tom claimed that he didn 't do that .
i think i should let tom and mary do that .
mary didn 't even text tom to tell him she 'd be late .
i never met her .
mary is hoping you can do that for her .
tom and mary knew that they 'd have to do that .
are you still a student ?
tom doubts mary can win .
father is well as usual .
my friends invited me to dinner .
please return one set to us with your <unk> .
it 's been so many years .
i know that tom knew mary was the one who had done that .
do you feel giving gifts is important ?
what are you so nervous about all of a sudden ?
he suddenly changed his mind .
they said they 've been asked to do that .
tom and mary said they knew that john wouldn 't do that .
sami and i moved in together six days ago .
the <unk> of their relationship was too much for him and his busy schedule .
is there something else you 'd rather be doing now ?
i have to wash my clothes .
tom is the team 's head coach .
i wonder if tom knew we should do that .
i am at home every evening .
you must be a fool .
he called a taxi for me .
what size is that dress ?
which party does she belong to ?
do you have other books ?
do you think there 's a chance that 'll happen ?
today you learned more than the others and were well <unk> . you may go home before the others .
it really works .
bear in mind what he said .
we 'll see each other again .
she cut her leg .
tom wasn 't as prepared as mary was .
mary said she 'd be late .
a true friend would 've helped .
i 'm the only one who knows them .
i think you 're too competitive .
i heard you talking in your sleep last night .
he knows how to argue with the manager .
i don 't think tom knows why you did that .
in all things <unk> to act as though the whole world would see what you do ; for even if you <unk> your <unk> for the moment , later you will be found out .
did tom get into trouble ?
he met me when i came .
i don 't think that it 's very likely tom will come over this time of night .
tom said he learned how to do that in october .
tom isn 't going to stop me .
i 'm one of tom 's sisters .
tom told me to meet him in front of the theater .
it 's easy for a <unk> to go from guy to another .
do you really think you can do that by yourself ?
i wish i had a house in the same neighborhood as tom .
my water broke on the evening of the <unk> birth date .
i was <unk> that tom and mary were having problems .
sami didn 't come to school .
she said that she was really cold .
they said they felt the same way .
british people are used to standing in <unk> .
i 've told tom why mary should do that .
i 'm not sure this is a good idea .
tom and mary wondered what they should do next .
you haven 't hurt anyone , have you ?
i 'm determined to solve this <unk> before i go home today .
how many things did you buy ?
i 'll handle that later .
he was after the first prize .
tom and mary said that they were feeling great .
she is coming home at the end of this month .
it 's ok with me if it 's ok with you .
tom and mary are probably going to be very hungry when they get home .
tom and mary are on their lunch break .
i think that tom will be well prepared .
wouldn 't that make you <unk> your hair out ?
it was really awesome .
england is the home of the english language .
i don 't care much for it .
dan robbed a gift shop and set fire to it .
i don 't think that i 'll be able to get in there with tom .
tom said that mary thought he might not be required to do that .
tom will probably be in boston next monday .
mary couldn 't do it by herself .
just as tom was about to speak , the lights went out .
i know tom knows that mary doesn 't do that anymore .
mary can 't find her hat .
tom and mary are now the <unk> of a golf course .
tom couldn 't get a hold of mary .
you 're a <unk> , aren 't you ?
it 's not something that could ever happen .
every student passed the driving test .
dad told me to help you , mom .
we 'll talk tomorrow .
come down here immediately . i 'm at the <unk> .
tom fell into the cold water .
i 'm over thirty .
tom was quick to catch on .
tom will be glad to hear that .
tom begged for something to eat .
mary explained her reasons to me .
tom thinks that i need to do that .
do you understand french ?
tom is able to play football .
could you sign my book ?
i never should 've let you go .
we 're supposed to try to solve our problems by ourselves .
they told me they were teaching french .
doesn 't tom live here ?
although i <unk> this <unk> later by including the beautiful life among the works of art that alone gave a meaning to life , it was still beauty that i <unk> .
layla and sami knocked on doors to spread the good word .
i worry more about you than the future of japan .
they 're a good team .
tom is accustomed to calling up girls on the telephone .
don 't cry . you 're a big boy now .
you didn 't actually want to go to australia , did you ?
she doesn 't think before she speaks .
tom said he loved animals .
tom and mary said that they may possibly do that .
i don 't think that it 's anything to laugh about .
i 've made you a cup of coffee .
i don 't think that you 'll do that .
i know why you did that .
i don 't want to give the wrong impression .
she seemed disappointed at the result .
i 'm going to see you later .
i 've been trying to put a little money in the bank every month .
tom wasn 't present at today 's meeting .
sami and layla were hanging out that night .
tom and mary said they wanted to ask me a personal question .
she is a natural musician .
he gets any girl he wants .
he told me that he 's intoxicated .
a snow gun covered the ski <unk> with snow .
you should have refused to leave early .
i just can 't do that again .
i don 't think tom knows why mary was fired .
the students are <unk> to make the same mistakes .
tom had a week 's worth of beard on his face .
tom said that he was <unk> to the airport .
please don 't you think tom is handsome ?
i think that tom is going to be fine .
i couldn 't get a job in boston .
stay calm and keep going .
however hard you may try , you will not be able to do it .
they told me they 'd be coming back .
can we talk ?
his <unk> amount to more than he can pay .
tom listened for a moment .
i don 't like your name .
i 'm getting sick and tired of all your <unk> .
tom has more than twenty years of experience .
i can 't help but think we 're doing this wrong .
will this really make all our problems go away ?
tom said he expected mary to solve the problem .
you 're not ready yet , are you ?
we 've come up with a pretty good system for doing that .
tom hasn 't done anything wrong , as far as i know .
as <unk> said in those early days , european <unk> was a dream of a few . it became a hope for the many . today it is a <unk> for all of us .
i 've been gone for a long time .
this is one of the fish that tom caught .
the capital of italy is rome .
he 's a bad man .
mary is in boston right now , isn 't she ?
mary doesn 't miss a thing , does she ?
mary wasn 't upset when i told her about what had happened .
you need to stop doing things that bother tom .
i suppose that 's one of the reasons tom isn 't here .
i don 't want to eat <unk> again .
what time did mary say she was going to get here ?
tom probably doesn 't cry very often .
i don 't think it will rain tomorrow .
tom and mary don 't need to go if they don 't want to .
i know tom won 't be doing that this afternoon .
tom doesn 't know the difference between reality and imagination .
you have to talk to her .
i think both tom and mary are tired .
we wouldn 't risk it .
mary told me she was finished .
why are you kissing that fat cow ?
that link is staying blue .
this project still leaves much to be <unk> .
tom is losing .
he was an awful president .
tom certainly was polite .
maybe i 'll come to boston again next year at this time .
mary said that she was very rich .
tom is almost unable to walk .
it 's raining there .
tom said he didn 't want to stay in australia any longer .
your idea isn 't entirely crazy .
mary said she knew she might be required to do that by herself .
i thought you knew her .
what do you think they 're planning to do with all that money ?
we 'd like to speak to her .
didn 't you know tom used to work in boston ?
i thought that you were going to buy <unk> .
who was her professor ?
tell me where you put my car keys .
sami was already a manager at <unk> 's .
i 'm never going to take your advice on <unk> cheese .
you have no idea what 's going on here , do you ?
the poor girl made a living by selling flowers .
tom is a climate scientist .
tom seldom writes to his parents .
i knew you wouldn 't wait for me .
you weren 't even paying attention .
sami started to fall asleep .
tom admitted he wasn 't yet finished doing that .
i have already told you what we had for lunch .
tom and mary didn 't say why they didn 't do that .
yesterday mary stayed home all day .
mary is quite <unk> , isn 't she ?
sami never <unk> when he is dead serious .
let 's find them .
can someone tell me where the <unk> is ?
i thought it wouldn 't hurt .
tom owns this place .
maybe tom won 't go to australia on this trip .
i 'm very proud of my children .
tom thought he heard some <unk> in the next room .
i just run .
you may use her library .
tom won 't believe anything you say .
i wish there were more people on the same level of this language as me . it 's really hard to understand you .
can 't we start over ?
when the <unk> and other people became rich and <unk> , they forgot the old stories , but the country people did not , and handed them down .
tom should 've stayed at home .
i regret kissing you .
she is about to kill me .
he talks too much .
if tom were taller , he could open the door .
did you know him ?
i knew that tom wasn 't afraid to do that .
he killed time in a coffee shop watching girls pass by .
they looked at their cards and smiled .
tom has already told mary not to do that .
get it ? you 've got to study a foreign language .
i don 't think tom took us seriously .
he wished she had more time for him .
the tree falls .
i can 't get that song out of my mind .
can you bring down my <unk> from upstairs ?
may i go to the bathroom , please ?
she waited for hours and hours .
the best time of life is when you are young .
i wonder whether or not tom knows where my umbrella is .
tom told me that i should go to boston with mary .
i found no mistakes .
mary said i looked <unk> than the last time she saw me .
i think tom is still single .
please don 't leave me alone with tom .
here 's a letter from tom .
she had some fun .
how much money did tom lose ?
you don 't look like you 're having a good day .
i think tom and mary know what they 're doing .
i thought you guys were planning on going swimming .
the girl that you were talking to is my sister .
why don 't we drop by to see her ?
tom doesn 't know that mary is unhappy .
tom and mary went skiing in the <unk> .
please make your <unk> one week in advance .
who 's talking ?
i don 't usually eat the same thing tom does .
wish i could fly anywhere i would like like a bird .
mary could 've done anything she wanted .
tom and mary were able to help each other .
he <unk> his position to build up his fortune .
they said they wanted to leave early .
we 're trying to find ourselves something <unk> to eat .
tom would 've liked to win .
i sat apart from them .
he <unk> them to come to an agreement .
i am to meet her at five at the station .
the guard unlocked the cell door .
i know tom is afraid of ghosts .
it 's what i like .
i rarely get to sit down .
our work never ends .
as long as you are thinking about the <unk> and <unk> of a relationship , you can 't call it love .
my hobby is playing chess .
i 've got to start working out .
there are some flowers around the castle .
i know that tom is going to the hospital , but i don 't know why .
i asked tom not to do that .
tom must be in australia .
mary says she likes it here in boston .
tom decided not to give mary what she 'd asked for .
if i 'm going to have to do that , i 'd rather do it right now .
tom and i are going to boston to study .
i 'm sick , so i probably won 't do that .
i got up early .
tom and mary weren 't talking to us .
do you understand what 's happening here ?
i 'm busy because the <unk> are drawing on .
i haven 't done my homework yet , and tom hasn 't either .
i listened but couldn 't make out what they were saying .
tom got mad at mary because she was late .
mary told me she had to do that .
she is particular about food .
tom seems to have changed his mind about staying .
can you still do that as well as you used to ?
she said she was all alone .
no , thanks . i 'm just <unk> .
i suspected she was dangerous .
they said i was their best worker .
do you want to watch football ?
when is your book coming out ?
tom said he knew that i would come .
tom came for the <unk> purpose of getting information .
i 've been <unk> since i was thirteen .
tom told me he couldn 't remember what happened .
i thought you said tom and mary were in boston .
i knew that tom wasn 't as old as mary .
sami wanted to join the military .
they began putting on their shoes .
how do you know those guys won 't try to kill us ?
i don 't think it 'll make much difference .
i used to walk home from school .
you aren 't being fair .
i found a new job .
there are plenty of things to do around here .
i 'll take real good care of tom .
tom said he wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags .
i 'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your <unk> .
i don 't want to talk about that here .
tom was here earlier this week .
i waited for tom and mary all afternoon , but they didn 't show up .
i never plan anything .
i want to give them this .
they 're part of us .
i can loan you the book , then you can have a look at it . maybe you will like it .
sami did 't even think about that .
they 'll do what we tell them to do .
i don 't know if tom can do what you 're asking him to do .
we know little of this matter .
tom took off his jacket and hung it up .
she watched the children swimming in the pool .
tom said that he couldn 't remember where mary lived .
seeing that he has not come , he may be on a trip .
tom was very sure he needed to do that .
i didn 't know tom didn 't do that .
i 'd trust her with my life .
tom said he didn 't think that mary would have to do that .
tom looked much happier than he had for the last few days .
who would buy one of these ?
one of the children asked one day : " where do <unk> come from ? "
what did tom get ?
mary says she doesn 't know how tom stays so thin .
you 're the only one who knows what we need to do , aren 't you ?
it really is amazing .
turn the christmas tree lights off when you leave the house .
tom watched mary carefully .
tom is talking .
sami is paying cash .
would tom care if mary did that ?
i wonder whether tom wants to do that .
i know tom is up to something .
i thought that you 'd be out <unk> with tom .
tom and mary are both dirty .
mary says she 's not busy .
can you make him smile ?
helping a blind man is an act of kindness .
tom said that he wished that he 'd spent more money on the gift he 'd given mary .
would you tell tom why you don 't want to do that ?
i second that .
mary told me she didn 't know anyone who lived on park street .
she said that she 'd consider my idea .
try once again .
he failed , due to lack of money .
i have to go to my office .
tom and mary eventually got married .
mary said tom wasn 't as mad as she thought he 'd be .
i am a student , but he isn 't .
i love watching basketball .
i am a lucky <unk> , aren 't i ?
i didn 't get exactly what i wanted .
she said she 'd sign the contract .
i want to go to germany .
i hope tom is wrong .
if you agree to buy <unk> of them , we 'll give you a 3 percent <unk> .
i don 't think that it 'll rain this afternoon .
i have good eyes .
i 'm not upset about tom .
i told tom you went home sick .
generally speaking , <unk> of today have less respect for their <unk> and for authority , than was the case fifty years ago .
i was told that you know tom 's telephone number .
too much exercise does more harm than good .
the dinner is very good .
she said that she was very tired .
we didn 't discuss it .
we are hungry on the way to football <unk> .
i wasn 't complaining about that .
perhaps tom should 've done that yesterday .
how much longer will you be studying here ?
mary said that she 's been working out .
they have a large stock of information .
i 've changed the plan .
he went to the store on his bike .
we 've seen them .
sami saw layla at church .
tom should have been motivated to do that .
i would think you have other things to keep you busy .
do they have a dictionary ?
tom and mary are a lot different now .
i thought she was pretty .
tom is too shy to sing in public .
tom and mary told me that they weren 't very hungry .
tom didn 't say what was really on his mind .
tom said i needed to get more sleep .
i can kill you .
she is always running after her mother .
can you take us there ?
i think you 'd better leave now .
we 'll be here for a while .
that proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone , but we also have to be careful not to get <unk> and <unk> everything .
what are we talking about ?
mary invited tom to her house .
we judge ourselves by our <unk> and others by their actions .
i do this too !
i want to know where i can buy something to eat .
it 'll ruin everything .
tom didn 't dare to open his mouth .
your sex life probably won 't change <unk> .
this man is a doctor .
mary was in a lot of pain when we visited her in the hospital .
tom came back many years later .
tom says he thinks it 'll be impossible to do that .
i like hot tea better than cold .
you have to listen to tom .
don 't worry . i won 't let anything stop me from <unk> the job .
tom and mary often go hiking together .
i was a <unk> in college the year tom was born .
i 've got plenty of time .
tom and mary took off their boots .
there 's been a cold <unk> here lately .
i was drinking way too much coffee .
what 's your favorite <unk> from season two ?
where was i ?
when was the last time you drank coffee out of a paper cup ?
i don 't want you to apologize .
the problem is we don 't have much time .
he followed me along .
tom 's house is just over there .
the art of being happy lies in the power of <unk> happiness from common things .
my cat <unk> her head against my shoulder .
i 'd never harm you .
they said they weren 't having much fun .
what you 're looking for is on the bottom shelf .
i am responsible for the <unk> of this plan .
i decided to do that again .
we didn 't attempt any contact with the ground control .
i didn 't think tom would be interested in buying any of mary 's paintings .
i 'll be in boston for a few days .
i don 't really think we can do that .
why do you stay with him ?
tom should 've been ok doing that by himself .
tom went back home to get his guitar .
did you know tom used to live in australia ?
could we get together next weekend ?
it 's 50 yen .
sami fixed the problem .
i didn 't know that tom wasn 't supposed to do that by himself .
do you really think that that 'll happen ?
they sold their car .
the dark clouds announced the coming of a <unk> .
your parents are wonderful .
i wouldn 't be surprised if it <unk> .
i know that better than anyone .
tom had a <unk> that mary wouldn 't cry .
doing that can be extremely dangerous .
are you telling me tom doesn 't do that anymore ?
do you have any idea how long tom wants to stay with us ?
i sent him away .
i heard a funny noise .
i 'm not the only one who 'll doing that .
i saw tom just a few hours ago .
tom and mary went to the mall together .
i think i 've already given you enough money .
i 'm fed up with tom <unk> his opinions on me .
tom is an excellent teacher .
at least try to come on time .
to the village .
" who are you ? " he asked . " i am the ghost of the talking <unk> , " answered the little being in a <unk> voice that sounded as if it came from a <unk> world .
tom leaned his head against the wall .
tom told me that he 'd buy it .
tom is too fat .
i wonder if tom is still safe .
you shouldn 't have told mary that you didn 't like her .
could you please tell me where tom 's office is ?
i spent the whole day in the park .
i don 't think that tom knew when mary was going to do that .
you said you 'd help me .
you talk a lot .
she didn 't say why she was late .
they know mary .
we 're here to see you .
it was tom who gave me the painting hung on the <unk> .
tom said that he thought that he was too drunk to do that .
students arriving late will not be permitted to enter the hall .
if you are going to build something in the air it is always better to build <unk> than houses of cards .
tom could help you .
i ordered that book over a week ago .
the wind and rain put out the fire .
i paid the driver and then got out of the cab .
she had some cookies to stay her <unk> until dinner .
you 're never fully dressed , until you put up a smile .
i 'll give her some flowers .
tom is a very good farmer .
how much do i owe you ? - four <unk> , please .
may i write on this <unk> of paper ?
that was the first time that i met tom .
i 'm writing these things down at the same time : eggs , butter , potatoes .
tom has never been able to beat me at tennis .
tom said mary thought that she might be permitted to do that by herself .
you can 't stay for long .
i had to get away from here .
i might not be in boston next month .
will mary really be doing that by herself ?
now , let 's discuss our other problem .
tom watched mary walk away .
could you please help me do this ?
i didn 't know you needed to tell tom what to do .
he was so kind as to offer his seat to me .
i had half a mind to go to the concert .
tom said that it was him who should show mary how to do that .
tom should 've never said that .
quite a few people couldn 't recognize him in that <unk> .
tom may not know how to do that .
tom will die .
generally speaking , the <unk> is not curious about others .
tom was unable to answer my question .
tom said that he was glad that he was able to do that .
tom is thick .
tom thinks mary drinks too much coffee .
you have to do that by the end of the week .
i knew that tom would forgive me .
what 's tom worried about ?
tom and mary said that they weren 't mad .
i 'm sure tom doesn 't want to do that .
you saw the news , didn 't you ?
tom and mary are still crying .
doesn 't tom know you can 't do that ?
that 's where tom belongs .
i know tom doesn 't know that i should do that .
i know that tom and mary are tall .
we have a few questions .
tom and mary pretended not to understand what john was trying to tell them .
tom said that he wasn 't going to john and mary 's wedding .
tom is trying to figure out how to do that now .
she lives in the house where her grandparents lived .
this is the kind of place i want to live .
you run .
tom said mary was very hungry .
could you help me for just a minute ?
tom said that isn 't the only reason we should do that .
put it where you like .
you 're married now .
i wish you 'd told me the car was out of gas .
how did people find out about it ?
tom wasn 't <unk> , but mary was .
those dogs aren 't as <unk> as they look .
sami went to a video game place .
tom 's first guitar was made in china .
she went either to london or to paris .
the president is afraid to tell the truth .
sami can 't leave layla .
tom and mary said they were too busy to help .
i met him on my way home from school .
i 'm not thirsty .
mary makes her own bread .
you were lucky to catch up with us .
if you can 't do that , i 'll get somebody else to do it .
he says he wants to help us .
tom has come to australia to see me .
i hope tom can do that by himself .
you did your job .
if only i 'd been a couple of years older , they would have let me into the bar .
who does she think she is ?
i have not forgotten .
my , those are some very large hands you have .
two dogs guard the house .
i don 't remember exactly what tom said .
you can 't make a career out of it .
tom hung up the phone and went back to sleep .
i wasn 't lying .
life is a mystery .
we fought for everyone .
i thought that tom was going to want to do that .
we can 't control all that .
i don 't like living in australia and my wife doesn 't either .
i don 't think your plan will work .
fadil was shot inside his home .
that 's not important now .
his bag was stolen yesterday .
i think that all the world 's languages are very interesting .
please give tom a chance .
why are you busy today ?
tom always gets up early .
what do think about that ?
why can 't i go to boston ?
tom doesn 't know how much time mary will be here .
tom complained about the cold .
everyone is sleeping .
tom says he doesn 't remember much .
i asked my friend if he had noticed something weird in my speech . to my greatest <unk> , he said he hadn 't .
i suppose you want to ask me where i was yesterday afternoon .
tom said that i looked pleased .
the details of sami 's affair came out .
i assume you don 't want me to leave .
mary doesn 't feel we 're helping her enough .
tom and mary wanted to talk to their lawyer .
do you love my eyes more than you love me ?
sami found a lot about layla on facebook .
there is a crowd of women around tom .
mary wanted from tom more than he could provide .
listen , israel ! the lord is our god ; the lord is one .
mary said she didn 't want anything to drink .
tom 's father is older than mary 's father .
tom would 've liked to go to boston last weekend .
let 's see how things work out .
i like having breakfast with you .
we 're delighted to have you with us .
tom and mary agreed with us .
i need to make a copy .
he cheated on him !
i didn 't feel like doing that yesterday .
tom needed to be ready by 2 : 30 .
his concert was great .
you 're a strange girl .
don 't tell anybody about our plan .
tom isn 't the only one here that is from australia .
i know tom is about the same height as you are .
mary will be ok , won 't she ?
i have other things i should be doing .
the <unk> tree remained standing after the storm .
the neighborhood where tom and mary live is very quiet .
tom hid behind a bush .
can i help you in some way ?
we 're not gods , but <unk> men .
the meeting was held at the <unk> 's office .
they could have done better .
tom told me he thought that mary would be suspicious .
the longer i stay , the harder it will be to go .
i only wish it wasn 't so hot today .
i need you to tell me what 's going on .
tom told mary that he was skeptical .
who was here yesterday ?
i 'd like to send a <unk> message to tom .
tom helped the old lady cross the street .
mary is in town , isn 't she ?
tom and mary told everybody they were skeptical .
there is little chance of my meeting him again .
i was just going to ask you about that .
do you want to help us catch tom 's <unk> ?
do you have japanese newspapers ?
they put words in my mouth .
once , i had the chance to appear on television .
tom has been arrested three times this year .
tom lives next door to mary .
mary is very unlucky , isn 't she ?
he came , he saw , and he lost .
i knew tom wasn 't mary 's husband .
they asked us to forgive them .
tom heard mary talking to herself .
what ?
i love that idea .
tom wasn 't home on monday , but mary was .
who told you about him ?
i have to clean my room .
<unk> asked me to buy her a new blanket .
what does this mean ?
tom spent the summer in australia .
the new year will begin .
tom says he knows that mary can win .
what 'll you make for lunch tomorrow ?
mary did that on her own .
our flight was canceled .
you should probably not tell tom that you want to do that .
tom expects to marry me , but i am not <unk> to marry him .
sami had most of layla 's classes .
the soldiers will soon return to camp .
i want you to be by my side .
if i could , i would .
sami loved the entire trip .
tom was <unk> when he was told that a truck had crashed into his house .
the country 's economy was <unk> by the war .
so what time do you get off work ?
there 's no one by that name here .
i didn 't think that you 'd be amused by what was happening .
tom hasn 't yet bought his ticket .
tom has gone to boston a couple of times .
we must escape .
you 'd think that would 've impressed tom .
you didn 't think i 'd be the last one to do that , did you ?
tom often does that for mary .
he was afraid of making the first move .
i just spoke with them .
i 'm pretty sure both tom and mary have passed away .
we have to buy a new <unk> for this room .
speak slowly , please .
he knows he should study french .
tom asked me if i liked him .
the two fixed on the day for their wedding .
i have great confidence in tom .
i didn 't know that you wouldn 't be able to do that .
this isn 't a chair .
the problem here isn 't them .
they don 't sell what you want here .
i just might visit boston .
people are concerned .
tom went on a camping trip .
i just didn 't think tom would do that .
he offered his help to us .
tom wasn 't mary 's type .
you won 't trick her ; she knows a thing or two .
i know tom would be a good <unk> .
i wonder whether tom would mind <unk> our kids tomorrow night .
he used to drink beer .
both tom and mary are already here .
whom did you invite to dinner ?
i 'm staying here .
you need to take your time .
tom isn 't fast enough , is he ?
tom and mary said that they had to go there tomorrow .
i wonder where your brother has gone to .
i was told i shouldn 't do that .
i don 't know what i ought to do .
sami was looking for a job .
sami comes to work every other day .
i 'll do better .
tom was one of the last people to get here .
to protect your head , you need to wear a <unk> .
you aren 't crying , are you ?
i must obey .
tom said that he doesn 't think that mary will agree to do that .
i expected him to offer some help .
it was simply incredible .
he often goes fishing by himself .
did someone sleep here last night ?
tom arrived here just a few minutes ago .
i spoke fluent perfect berber .
i don 't know whether i should do that or not .
you look well .
it wasn 't my suggestion .
in france , we leave alone those who start <unk> , but we <unk> those who sound the alarm .
why did you leave like that ?
tom is the one who gave mary a black eye .
i wasn 't aware that tom wasn 't at school today .
tom and mary are honest , aren 't they ?
i 'm sorry that i made you stop doing that .
i received an <unk> that i did not order .
mary confessed to me that she 'd done that .
let 's suppose that she was here .
mary said she 'd be able to do that today .
have you ever been in brazil ?
tom is pretty bad at french , isn 't he ?
mary was thirteen when she moved to boston .
i thought that was well known .
i paid him five dollars .
it 's difficult to understand .
i forgot to turn off the television before going to sleep .
tom has to come to australia .
do you speak italian ?
he wished he hadn 't done that .
tom said that he wanted me to be here tomorrow .
tom is not quite as tall as mary .
she thanked me for warning her .
i 'm not expecting anybody .
she has to do that by herself .
i know all of my students ' names .
sami didn 't even take a bite .
you do know you shouldn 't do that , don 't you ?
i know tom isn 't a very good <unk> .
tom knew i was thirsty .
i lost .
i didn 't know that tom was going to boston with you .
tom told me he thought mary was in .
sami can do this .
i have never <unk> to speak to her .
she said she 'd been offered $ <unk> .
tom is just as <unk> as mary is .
i know that tom isn 't likely to do that today .
the girl is afraid of dogs .
tom <unk> said he wasn 't going to do that .
you hope tom and mary don 't do that , don 't you ?
i think tom isn 't going to stop crying anytime soon .
tom is going to have to do that all by himself .
it would be wonderful if you did that for me .
you 're going to be exhausted .
tom and mary are hoping they can take care of themselves .
tom isn 't supposed to be eating now .
why do children lie to their parents ?
i saw tom last night in the library .
i went to australia for three days on a business trip .
i did want things to happen the way they happened .
my dream came true .
i doubt very seriously that tom will be faster at doing that than mary .
you came here . i am sure of it .
i just let things fall apart .
is there anything i can do to help out ?
tom knew that someone was following him .
i need to find out where tom and mary work .
tom made up his mind to be a teacher .
no one noticed that tom wasn 't wearing shoes .
it 's unlikely to be sold in boston .
give me a hand . if you do , i 'll buy you a drink later .
america likes to believe that it 's a <unk> society .
tom also went to boston .
the judge can 't stop .
tom wanted to know who he was supposed to talk to .
he dressed himself like a <unk> for the party last night .
they aren 't doing the best they can .
i was told to leave this alone .
i 'm not good at basketball .
i think that maybe you don 't understand the <unk> of the situation .
mr. brown has a <unk> way with children .
i 'm happy with what i have .
tom is a <unk> chess player , too .
that was a nice hotel .
tom is always late for class .
tom said he was enjoying himself in australia .
whoever comes to us <unk> with a sword is easier to kill with a shot .
i lost my head there .
they won 't believe me .
i doubt that tom would mind showing you how to do that .
i knew tom wouldn 't guess the answer .
i want him put in prison .
you 're a strange person .
tom doesn 't want to come to australia with us .
we sat speaking this and that .
i hope tom and mary don 't agree to do that .
tom has recently been learning how to sing a lot of new songs .
i just met her yesterday .
i think that tom and mary are crying .
love makes life easier .
i 'm not convinced i need to do that .
she went out with her dog .
she says she 'll have to do that .
she isn 't as cute as she used to be .
your hair is too long .
<unk> was to show up at the place , but she didn 't make it .
i 'm planning on <unk> tom a birthday present .
tom plays chess .
i thought that i was a good coach .
tom is not a lazy child .
i can cross the river by swimming .
tom has to be there tonight .
mary said she 's ready to help .
how did you know that tom was in boston ?
tom was able to get mary to tell the truth .
do you want a second opinion ?
tom is extremely wealthy .
tom said mary has been told not do that .
should we go ?
the blanket is still wet .
tom and mary have very few photos of themselves as <unk> .
having failed twice , <unk> didn 't want to try again .
mary doesn 't speak french as well as she speaks english .
fadil received special forces training .
i didn 't think tom would be so amused by what was going on .
i wonder what made tom think i had to do that again ?
tom did a good job of <unk> us .
the cookies were quite <unk> , but very delicious .
i 'm glad to hear you 're happy in australia .
tom gave mary the <unk> that she had never had .
tom will certainly do that .
tom may be impressed .
tom tried to kiss mary , but she wouldn 't let him .
so many questions , so little time .
tom figured he couldn 't afford it .
i 'm on strike .
i know that you did all the work .
someone has been in my room .
neither tom nor mary has done a lot of really stupid things .
there is something good with every evil .
a church in <unk> <unk> has decided to press charges against a homeless man who stole a few cookies from the church 's cookie <unk> .
someone called you ten minutes ago .
i came home empty handed .
what high school did tom go to ?
do you think tom could be an <unk> ?
where did tom put them ?
tom said that he asked mary not to eat the last orange .
why take that risk ?
i keep a daily record of my business <unk> .
you can 't tell me what to do !
tom wasn 't the one who gave me this .
tom tried the coat on .
you 'll have a lot to do now that i 'm around .
i have to pass this exam .
tom said that mary just has to be patient .
i think tom is only pretending to be asleep .
i have to get this finished by 2 : 30 .
i always said tom was a smart kid .
tom <unk> a picture of himself on social media .
the police began to go into the murder case .
i think you should check under the couch .
tom didn 't tell me who he was waiting for .
i 'm not sure if tom will do that again .
she admitted she 'd been unfair .
you can 't do this to me !
i have a list here .
your hair is different .
most people like watching tv .
tom didn 't act like he 'd even heard about what had happened .
let 's discuss your idea .
sami open the book and started reading .
you never told me what it was .
i think tom and mary are awake .
just stop pretending to care about me .
i know that tom is glad that 's going to happen .
this is the first time tom has ever complained about that .
i knew that tom was afraid of his grandfather .
tom is dealing with the problem now .
i don 't understand . could you please repeat that ?
they were very unhappy , weren 't they ?
wouldn 't you rather go to the beach with tom ?
tom says that mary isn 't his type .
tom doesn 't plan on staying here much longer .
the busy mother told the children to run along .
i 'm fairly busy .
it took me about three hours to read this book .
tom and mary say that they want to study french .
i wish you didn 't have to go to work today .
tom doesn 't do that well enough .
are tom and mary planning to be at today 's meeting ?
mary said she thought tom might need to do that again .
tom has told mary he should do that .
what did you think of the party ?
i saw her yesterday .
i was just doing some reading .
i 've already told you i don 't plan to do that .
as long as you live nothing is final .
we 're going to stay in boston for three weeks .
she makes it a rule to attend any meeting .
i know that tom 's grandfather was a gold <unk> .
tom and mary can 't remember exactly what they were supposed to do .
i like summer best .
have you made any progress ?
tom is eager to see mary again .
tom tried to speak , but couldn 't .
tom thinks beer is good for you .
since it 's raining , it would be better if you stayed at home .
tom and mary were speaking loud enough for john to hear them .
they may go .
i wonder whether tom is really going to australia next week .
sami 's parents live in cairo .
thanks for the ideas .
i think tom is likely to do that later .
spain 's game has been desperate .
i was in boston about a month ago .
mary is still in prison , isn 't she ?
mary didn 't like what she heard .
tom had never met anyone like mary before .
tom said that he thought that mary would be cooperative .
she cares for her sick mother .
tom said that mary isn 't well .
i go to see my friend in hospital every other day .
i still do that .
just then , i heard the telephone ring .
tom should be glad that 's going to happen .
why didn 't you tell me that i shouldn 't do that ?
police let sami go .
there 's our bus .
tom and mary didn 't know they needed to do that .
you can leave now if you want to .
i 'll meet you after class .
tom might possibly be mad .
message me online .
they need friends .
tom tried to climb over the fence .
i 've tried doing that already .
mary is capable of taking care of herself .
tom wasn 't the first one here today .
what is my room number ?
tom doesn 't often get depressed .
it feels like fall .
she told me that her mother had bought it for her .
tom and mary are just a phone call away .
has your friend divorced ?
we are calling back the manager .
we should be proud of ourselves .
are you the one that they call tom ?
could you please give this to tom ?
how long do tom and mary have ?
i can 't wait any longer .
layla had many weak points .
i wouldn 't be in this situation if i had been more careful .
have you ever written a letter to mary ?
tom says the three of you are his brothers .
when did you say you would be going to the library ?
we must do the best we can .
there 's still much to learn .
sami didn 't even ask why .
don 't go there alone .
sami will be sentenced to life in prison .
this work is made for him .
are you sure you don 't need anything else ?
i know that tom is a better driver than i am .
tom is being very <unk> today , isn 't he ?
maybe tom and mary weren 't hungry .
you 'll come back to see us , won 't you ?
tom is the manager of our band .
i 'm not lying to you .
tom continued working even though he was very tired .
she told me that she 'd been busy .
layla was determined to make sure the truth came out .
tom would 've told us .
tom and mary lived in australia for a while .
i 'm not sure anybody would be willing to help me .
i didn 't know that you were staying at this hotel .
tom and mary can do that however they like .
i 'm sure tom wouldn 't care if you did that .
yesterday , he wrote a letter .
i don 't think that i really need to do that for tom .
i prefer to act , instead of crying .
i knew you wouldn 't accept tom 's invitation .
you 're working too hard .
sami was going to do it .
i didn 't want to play with tom .
i might stay in australia for a night or two .
they told me that they 'd be absent .
put a smile on your face , and you 'll certainly get lots of <unk> back .
you might want to lose the dinner jacket .
tom didn 't seem to be excited .
can i get back to work ?
tom said that mary didn 't think doing that would be possible .
my watch is broken , so i want a new one .
i 'm afraid we don 't have any left .
tom didn 't stop mary .
tom said that he isn 't sleepy .
she was on the point of going out .
tom said that he hopes you won 't be late .
tom and mary called to say they wouldn 't be back till tomorrow .
tom , you 've got to get up .
tom said that mary was hoping we 'd do that with her .
both tom and mary said they were hungry .
tom shouldn 't have told me .
i always sit in the front row .
i 'm supposed to help tom clean his room .
sami didn 't call the police .
the question before us is an urgent one .
when i arrived , she was just getting ready to leave .
no , i still prefer eating vegetables .
everyone in the room was doing the same thing .
tom stayed in the house all day .
that used to mean a lot to me .
tom is a very competitive guy .
tom warned mary not to drink the water .
tom isn 't exactly an expert .
i promise this will never happen again .
did tom like it in boston ?
he 's always trying to say something to us .
tom said that he thought that mary would forget to do that .
tom didn 't think mary would be frightened by that .
he told me that he felt offended .
sami got no call .
i don 't think that tom kissed mary .
they said that they had to talk to me .
three out of every five players had head <unk> .
i know tom will be doing that .
if a <unk> came into my room , i would throw something at him .
that 's usually a good sign .
he was afraid he might be fired .
i want to take you to lunch .
tom doesn 't see this as a problem .
even though he is learned , i can 't respect him .
tom and mary found some gold <unk> in their backyard .
it made me really sad .
tom doesn 't always wear a tie to work .
what makes us human ?
tom was born in australia on october 20 , 2013 .
i 'm sure that tom will do very well .
i don 't believe that tom and mary are guilty .
i was just talking about him .
tom turned the engine off .
i went to him for advice .
sami isn 't here to make friends . he just doesn 't give a shit .
do you want some pizza ?
they heard it on the radio .
this umbrella belongs to him .
he asked me to come to his house .
i don 't know why tom and mary don 't want to go with us .
it happens to be the truth .
he said he was sure to succeed ; he failed , however .
when is your sister 's flight ?
tom and mary can 't do the job by themselves . would you mind helping them ?
tom and mary didn 't know they had to do that .
should i buy something ?
i need to talk to him now .
i guess i 'll be living with you a year from now .
mary said she felt she needed to do that .
tom got home at 6 : 30 .
you 're perfectly safe here .
" if you throw me back , i 'll <unk> one of your wishes , " said the <unk> .
you shouldn 't have invited tom .
we caught you .
tom said he didn 't have to go to australia next week .
you said mary wouldn 't kiss me , but she did .
how much did you have to drink last night ?
was this ever a thing ?
i get paid a lot .
he has to repair the clock .
tom got an urgent call from mary .
does tom really think he can win ?
pay very close attention .
we took a walk in a beautiful green <unk> .
i don 't want to hear about it anymore .
i should 've left them a note .
i didn 't find a single doctor .
oh , nothing special .
even walking till my legs turned to lead i couldn 't find one that i liked .
tom knows that i didn 't die .
tom brought mary with him .
i don 't know if i can do it .
what happened between you and tom ?
what 's going to happen to us now ?
sami found a water source on the island .
tom wasn 't asking for it .
you were always good at getting mary to do what you wanted her to .
i 'm sorry , tom . i 'm afraid i can 't do that .
tom wasn 't excited , but mary was .
tom or mary go to the market .
this is all happening a little too fast .
you were supposed to be my friend !
tom has already told the police what was stolen .
tom said that mary only does that if john is watching .
i 'm surprised that i don 't have to do that .
she had enough wisdom to refuse the offer .
it would 've been hard to do that .
he <unk> me to go to bed early .
can i use your car for a little while ?
i didn 't like beer at that time .
tom is too tired to do anything .
i should do something .
the baby likes milk .
how smart could such a person be ?
i know that tom doesn 't know who 's going to do that .
i 've got something you want .
rights are not given , they are fought for .
the first part of the lesson is easier than the second .
do you want to stay here or go ?
tom and mary are planning to stay together .
we need to do our own investigation .
i was not studying then .
did you ever date tom ?
she says she really likes it here .
what would you tell them to do ?
tom could tell mary wasn 't convinced .
humans are the only living <unk> that make use of fire .
why are you sitting alone in the dark ?
it 's for my friend .
are both tom and mary still sick ?
tom told me that he thought boston wasn 't as safe as it used to be .
sami was mean sometimes .
what do you think of that ?
i 'll shut up now .
we 've been given several <unk> to do .
tom told me that he thought that mary was unemployed .
i think that tom is living in australia now .
children should go to school .
tom is doing it wrong , isn 't he ?
tom wondered why mary didn 't like him .
the president takes office tomorrow .
my children are sick .
they want to increase food <unk> by growing new kinds of rice .
our mission is to <unk> go where no woman has gone before .
mary wasn 't sure she needed to do that again .
layla lived in a neighborhood where people couldn 't come out of their <unk> .
tom always asks for permission before he <unk> my bicycle .
he does not like what the <unk> have said .
tom was crying all yesterday afternoon .
i think that tom is a good boy .
i didn 't want anything bad to happen .
this is the best book that i 've ever read .
was tom a good roommate ?
do you follow ?
it is obvious why you have a <unk> .
they are right .
i know tom and mary have to leave tomorrow .
tom didn 't need to let me go .
if i <unk> selling to you , i speak your language . if i <unk> buying , then you have to speak german .
she arrived .
tom and mary said they went swimming yesterday .
tom turned off the alarm .
please tell me what this means .
don 't set foot in the lion 's <unk> !
i knew that tom was cruel .
all three of us need to do that .
i hardly ever watched tv .
tom hasn 't told us what he has to do .
i want your opinion , too .
mary says she doesn 't know when tom is planning to do that .
i 'm the one who told tom about what happened .
don 't you want me to do anything ?
sami seems to know nothing about his .
tom is only a few months older than mary is .
tom would like it if someone did that .
she came with her parents .
don 't you think you are too <unk> ?
tom said that he thought mary would be able to help him do that .
you speak so loudly i can even hear you on the first floor .
i didn 't think that tom was satisfied .
i think she is very brave .
please tell me everything 's ok .
i could have done better , i think .
you still have a lot of work to do .
i told tom what i needed to do .
what 's the harm in doing that ?
that isn 't very good .
tom decided to ask for mary 's help .
tom is rich , single , a bit old , but not too ugly .
i think that tom is home .
i should 've let you do that first .
it 's very easy to learn how to swim .
tom and mary ran to the bus stop , so they wouldn 't miss the bus .
it takes two hours to go there by bus .
that isn 't how we do things here .
i thought that a change of <unk> might do us good .
if tom doesn 't go camping , i won 't either .
tom said that he doesn 't plan on going with us this weekend .
don 't use <unk> - just say he died .
tom said that he tried to help mary do that .
she was just doing her duty .
tom said that mary might come back on monday .
i 'm much better at french than tom .
you can 't possibly be serious .
sami and layla needed to split up to avoid <unk> .
mary is a doctor , isn 't she ?
i have nothing to talk about .
you are new students .
there weren 't any trains , so we had to walk the whole time .
he 's going to have a heart attack .
he had to <unk> an operation immediately after his fall .
we didn 't want tom to go skin <unk> .
i know tom doesn 't really want to do that anymore .
would it hurt to die ?
you really like doing that a lot , don 't you ?
she goes to her family 's home in france every summer .
tom told me that he didn 't feel well .
how old was mary when she started talking ?
i didn 't think that tom and mary were hungry .
it isn 't that deep here .
he didn 't come after all .
can you advise me on what i should do ?
tom answered back .
may you live in interesting times .
tom apologized to mary for everything he 'd done .
i think that we will manage to succeed .
tom may not be home tonight .
why are you getting married ?
that 's why i 'm giving it to you .
we need to make the change now .
tom knew that i was afraid .
he will telephone you immediately when he comes back .
in any case , i did my duty .
tom and mary say they have a lot to do before they can go home .
he asked the same question of many people .
i 'll be done in a second .
life begins when we realize who we really are .
i knew that tom wasn 't likely to do that .
tom wants to know why you 're mad at him .
i know that tom refused to do that by himself .
we 're both very happy here .
tom said that mary won .
i 've never heard him complain .
i give my friend a bunch of flowers .
family members should not <unk> against each other .
fadil started to miss church .
when you 've finished reading the book , i 'd like to borrow it .
i thought tom liked this kind of music .
on friday night , three men came into mr white 's hotel and asked for rooms .
i turned page after page .
mary wondered what she should do next .
far from <unk> my skin it was better than before i used it .
tom didn 't listen to what i said .
tom thought i was my brother .
he may do that if he wants to .
she 's growing up .
have you helped your mother this week ?
we didn 't have a plan then .
it seems she is over thirty years old .
i wanted to share it with you .
did you take your medicine this morning ?
we must not let them down .
i read on my <unk> , because it <unk> in my pocket , while books don 't .
do you want to see them ?
i 'll go to australia sometime before october .
i think tom used to be a member of our church .
i might be the only one alive who knows when tom did that .
tom and mary don 't know how they 're going to do that .
he was urgent in <unk> that she call the doctor .
she 's upstairs in my room .
will you talk to him ?
we know what 's going to happen .
i haven 't had a square meal for a week .
mary said she knew tom might need to do that .
i knew tom might 've done that on purpose .
i ought to give him a call .
i was going to shoot them .
tom thinks that his tv is watching him .
you did apologize for doing that , didn 't you ?
stop worrying , and get some sleep .
we 'll go see him .
tom said that he didn 't know mary 's phone number .
we want meat .
tom told me that he 'd changed his plans .
tom didn 't want to answer mary 's question .
sami talked about a real life experience .
tom apologized to mary for being so careless .
perhaps tom kissed mary .
i hope tom isn 't absent .
they asked if they needed to do that .
i 've never seen this before .
maybe we should help him .
she is in her hotel now .
<unk> him of telling her secret to some of her friends , mary was angry with jim .
he bought his mother flowers .
tom really knows how to party .
i hope tom did what you told him to do .
he is a man of great importance .
you 're not dead , are you ?
he has too much pride .
i 'll get you !
she came to see me in spite of being busy .
tom 's a real night <unk> , and often does his best writing after midnight .
tom can 't be stopped .
after my <unk> , i 'd like to go to <unk> , in order to study china 's history .
even if tom swore that it was true , i still wouldn 't believe it .
she had the dog sold .
her face turned white .
tom always told us that you can 't teach an old dog new <unk> .
did you know tom was younger than mary ?
he 's washing your car .
i don 't want to live forever .
i 'm glad i got there early .
tom was too tired to go on .
i think tom and mary have some friends in boston .
sami made a plan that he knew was going to <unk> layla off .
i don 't mind a little pressure .
we 've got a lot to talk about .
i assume that your party was a success .
i need someone to help me with <unk> .
tom wanted me to let you know when mary will be arriving .
why was she laughing ?
i wonder what happened between tom and mary .
it 's necessary to do that .
tom and mary are tall , aren 't they ?
mary knows when she 's supposed to be here .
i don 't think tom would be glad if that happened .
keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy my ticket .
hit the <unk> , <unk> . we should test our feelings . we don 't know each other well enough , i 'm not used to <unk> the events .
mary is being really <unk> , isn 't she ?
have we learned anything ?
it would be good if tom did a little more exercise .
i refuse to listen .
she said she doesn 't eat pork .
i threw the paper into the fire .
large or small ?
no one bought anything tom and mary were trying to sell .
tom told me that he thought mary was hungry .
i didn 't tell tom you were here .
mary said she was going to boston .
she told her side of the story .
are you telling me tom didn 't win ?
are you ready to do this ?
" my teeth are too weak for apples , " said the boy .
the men you mentioned aren 't anywhere to be found in the list .
is it hard to learn french ?
i don 't study as much as i should .
i wasn 't able to stay as long as i thought i 'd be able to .
this house isn 't big enough for our family .
she looks like she 's interested .
there was a minute difference between them .
is it too late to get my money back ?
business has been good .
mary stood up for herself .
he asked $ 5 for it .
i know that i have to help you tomorrow .
tom said he wants to change that .
nothing 's working .
tom stayed up until 2 : 30 last monday night .
who taught you how to do that ?
they 'll be next .
i guess you know who i am talking about .
we were both very busy .
you must realize that i can 't help you .
i lost the hat that i bought in australia .
sami pretended that his shit was stolen .
i 'm ok .
they deal in software products .
i 've decided that i won 't go to australia this year .
these are tom 's glasses .
this new medicine may save lives .
i can 't see him either .
in old age , even the devil would enter the <unk> .
i didn 't want to do that .
who 're you calling now ?
i wonder whether tom thought mary had to do that .
i put up with her as long as i could .
they are too busy fighting against each other to care for common <unk> .
i didn 't know tom knew who was going to help mary do that .
he doesn 't understand me .
give them just enough food every day .
tom and mary said that they were at today 's meeting .
are you in london ?
i think tom and mary are probably younger than you think they are .
good evening . how many are in your party ?
must there be a link between diet and health ?
fadil agreed to let police in .
i can 't make out what the man is saying .
tom doesn 't like swimming in the winter .
i thought that tom was lonely .
i didn 't know tom didn 't know mary .
i only did that one time .
tom and i are both very conservative .
tom really did well .
tom did not want to ruin their friendship .
tom wasn 't stupid enough to talk about what he 'd done .
neither tom nor mary seems to be frightened .
why didn 't you ask me for help ?
i 've already told tom why he needs to do that .
some people go to church on sunday morning .
sami was the center of layla 's life .
i met her late that evening .
tom was trying to kill me .
you promised me that you would take care of tom .
your names wouldn 't be tom and mary , by any chance , would they ?
tom wasn 't able to do what he needed to do .
tom has apparently tried to commit suicide .
another school year was about to begin .
no one saw you take it .
tom is making a lot of money in the stock market .
she won 't do that now , will she ?
keep your distance .
tom looked hurt .
sami yelled again .
mary said that she wasn 't a canadian .
he needs it .
tom and mary should be able to do that with their eyes closed .
tom and maria did not speak french .
i 'm going to prison .
he held a gun to my head and ordered me to dance <unk> style . i had no choice but to obey .
i think that tom is tense .
tom and mary teach at the same school .
i thought that i 'd get in some <unk> practice .
no one really knows .
she says that she 's good at cooking .
i 've got no money left .
does anybody have a pencil ?
i don 't think i enjoy swimming as much as you seem to .
tom didn 't know where to put mary 's suitcase .
i didn 't think that anybody thought you 're crazy .
you should wash this shirt .
tom can always quit his job if he doesn 't like it .
i heard someone come into the room .
tom and mary stayed there by themselves .
this tea tastes good .
tom wants to ask you some questions about french .
i can 't speak english as well as he .
tom says he thinks it 's a waste of time to vote .
there 's something going on .
don 't feel too bad .
tom also needs to fill out this form .
i don 't mind if you do that without me .
how can you stand it ?
tom is on the short list .
she has never visited him .
i 've already called them .
he is second to none in strength .
you 'll probably get hurt if you do it that way .
tom didn 't even try to convince mary to stay .
we must respect each other .
mary told me she was doing that .
there 's your proof .
which countries have developed <unk> during the past ten years ?
tom and mary promised they 'd take care of that .
who is in this room ?
what 's your favorite computer game ?
tom speaks two foreign languages .
if tom and mary had more money , they could do that .
i thought that the time for the meeting had been changed .
tom ought to have known better .
we had a lot more fun in australia than we thought we would .
it doesn 't look like fun to me .
tom wants to do that today .
the sea is very green .
i realize tom could get mary to show us how to do that .
layla and sami were together .
no one wants to speak .
tom was worried about mary .
he has a daughter who is very beautiful .
sami and layla went over there .
i suspect that tom and mary are sick of each other by now .
tom always does the dishes .
she got it into her head that i was <unk> her .
by his first wife the <unk> had a daughter called <unk> , a good quiet girl , who only wanted to live in peace , but this her <unk> would not allow . she beat and <unk> the poor child from morning till night .
it is like looking for a <unk> in the sea .
sami is not going to let you in .
tom and i are the only ones who can do this .
i plan to visit tom in boston next weekend .
he told me he was thrilled .
tom learned how to swim when he was three .
i made a serious mistake .
layla was quite a loud mouth .
we 'll help you tomorrow .
he didn 't go there .
your speech was quite interesting .
sami thinks layla is the problem .
tom and mary speak french well , but not as well as they speak english .
no , he is my friend , doctor <unk> .
i have a friend who does that .
i think you 're hungry .
pass me the sugar , tom .
i 'm grateful for what you did .
it was stupid of you to believe him .
i made fun of him .
that 's why i went to boston .
heaven knows that we 've done everything we can .
tom has assured me that he 'll be there .
i doubt very seriously that that will <unk> tom .
i wonder whether or not tom can come .
layla was looking for mr. right .
the name of the man i met yesterday is mr. hill .
i just want things to be normal .
i 'm not interested in talking to anyone .
what are tom and mary so worried about ?
don 't go in that building .
you don 't like tom doing that , do you ?
i know tom was the one who did it , but i won 't ever be able to prove it .
tom asked for something to drink .
tom said that he doesn 't think that mary really needed to do that this morning .
i 'm reading a letter .
first , i want to eat a little bit of cake .
don 't tell me .
i don 't think tom has told us the whole truth .
tom and mary are <unk> about what they eat .
i thought that you 'd want to try some japanese food .
i cannot <unk> potatoes . i don 't have a knife .
now i just came out of a bar in <unk> .
tom told me that mary doesn 't want to do that .
tom told me that he thought mary was selfish .
when you come across <unk> words , you have to look them up in the dictionary .
i thought that you lived by yourselves .
this is the most comfortable chair i 've sat on in a long time .
tom wondered why mary had written his name on the back cover of her notebook .
what 's tom look like ?
do you actually feel sorry for tom ?
tom didn 't know you were planning to do that .
tom made good money on that deal .
i 'm sure you 'd have fun doing that .
tom had three of them .
he wishes he could fly .
i knew that tom would stop mary .
are you disappointed ?
tom and mary are already well aware of that .
i still can 't believe it .
tom is driving over to mary 's apartment to give her something .
sami was asking layla for money .
she is living an unhappy life .
the <unk> rules we used to follow just don 't apply anymore .
don 't make a scene in public .
tom and mary don 't know whether they have to do that or not .
i didn 't have time to take a shower today .
you should 've paid your bills on time .
she thinks she 's a big shot .
tom said mary wasn 't at home when he went to visit her .
you look like you 're angry .
i 'll play tennis tomorrow .
you need to do what you 've been told .
i don 't think that i 'll be the next one to do that .
the kid is a pain in the neck .
tom is very skeptical .
i 'll be very happy if that happens .
tom and mary are probably going to be tired when they get home .
the drink is on me .
they said it was an accident .
they would pretend to hate it .
her hair was as red as fire .
tell them i 'm in a meeting .
will you come in summer ?
i help my mother with the cooking .
he waited a while before he began .
tom isn 't saying anything .
tell me about your son .
perhaps you are right .
i haven 't eaten for three days .
mary closed her eyes and fell asleep .
do you really think i can help you ?
did tom say he 'd visit boston ?
am i really that bad ?
tom has been very busy this week .
i couldn 't write a single word .
why did tom want mary killed ?
only the children were happy .
they said that they planned on going .
tom can 't afford to eat at that kind of restaurant so let 's go somewhere else .
we both agreed .
tom said he thought mary might not be allowed to do that anymore .
we weren 't able to reach tom .
sami was training his dog for the dog show .
tom called a cab .
i wasn 't aware that we should do that .
it 's nice and warm today .
she is in bed with a cold .
she puts the children to bed .
we 've had some success .
she said she wasn 't tired .
tom told me that i 'm <unk> at doing that than mary .
tom and i didn 't do that by ourselves .
it was a wonderful feeling .
where 's the rest ?
the smell of last night 's dinner was still <unk> in the kitchen .
tom told us a sad story .
they stopped to talk .
i was in australia for three months last year .
they traveled by boat .
it 's all in there .
you should 've heard the family 's <unk> when i told them the good news .
will you give me a light ?
he wasn 't stupid enough to talk about that while she was around .
she isn 't very <unk> , is she ?
they 're still living with their mother .
there 's no point in <unk> on details .
i asked tom how to do that .
i 'm the only one who knows where tom hid his <unk> .
my favourite sport is football .
do you have an airplane ticket back home ?
i 've done what you wanted me to do .
tom looked for a weapon .
tom leaned in and gave mary a <unk> kiss on the mouth .
tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help .
unfortunately , it 's true .
at what time are you going to arrive in paris for the meeting ?
i want to think about it a little more .
tom was found dead .
tom needed water .
tom and mary said that they were certain that john had to do that .
tom and mary say they want to play golf with me .
tom is a good shot .
he told me that he was offended .
is it anything like mine ?
the bridge must be built in six months .
i wanted some wine , but there was none left .
mary looks as if she 's enjoying herself .
tom sometimes does that when he 's happy .
get me some food .
why do you buy things made in <unk> ?
the boss gave us all a day off .
i used to be quite handsome .
i was going out .
it just broke .
tom and mary said they couldn 't keep john for doing that .
we speak berber in our area .
it was fun watching tom doing that .
what were you thinking when you left the bag of dog food in the middle of the living room without keeping an eye on it ?
i couldn 't stand it .
i hope no one goes home hungry .
i finally met her .
tom is already late .
mary told me that she 's reluctant to do that .
starting today , only healthy food . no more <unk> food for me !
that 's not what we were talking about .
tom and mary said they 've been feeling sick .
pay attention to them .
it is easy for him to carry the stone .
tom said that he thought mary was surprised .
sami 's innocent face appeared on a missing <unk> .
tom and i were both crying .
i had to let tom win .
how many people do you think will be at tonight 's concert ?
i 'll bet you that you 're wrong about that .
they didn 't touch their food .
even though tom and i were exhausted , we continued working .
tom also has a crush on mary .
tom said he 'd complain .
my children are sitting at the table .
tom had no reason to suspect mary was lying .
the people will decide at the <unk> box .
does tom like wine ?
the telephone is one of bell 's many <unk> .
she <unk> what she had heard to her mother .
you never told me tom was a <unk> .
we just thought it was funny .
just open the door .
i don 't think tom and mary have any classes today .
only she knows how to help me .
you 'd better hurry , otherwise you 'll be late for your appointment .
is it big ?
it 's easy to have a clear <unk> when it 's not used .
i left japan ten years ago .
let 's have a cup of tea first .
tom told mary that he was happy .
i haven 't read all of these books .
how is she feeling today ?
tom is coming over , isn 't he ?
tom said he thought mary was the only one who wanted to do that .
i am not doing anything special today . perhaps i will just lie down on the couch and watch tv or something .
tom will be here any moment .
what is this language ?
i feel really proud .
tom is willing to do that for you .
were you able to get any of the information we needed ?
tom has gone to boston on urgent business .
tom wanted to return to boston .
those are the people whose car i repaired .
tom and mary are determined to find out what happened .
i don 't want to stay inside all day .
tom is only three months older than mary is .
you know what i mean , don 't you ?
people are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed .
this is a picture of them .
tom said the game seemed to last for hours .
tom said he thought that he 'd be able to do that on october 20th .
does mary really expect tom to help her ?
tom told me that he thought mary was alive .
he is studying hard so that he can pass the <unk> .
post your picture in the wall .
why don 't tom and mary just do what we 've asked ?
i do not think it will rain this afternoon .
maybe i threw it away .
i woke up when the phone rang .
tom did some work in the yard this afternoon .
tom said he 's sick .
tom said i looked exhausted .
she didn 't say where she was going .
he did it just for fun .
i didn 't know that tom could understand french .
did tom tell the cops what happened ?
tom has no idea what to do with all the <unk> in his garage .
mary drew her knees to her chest .
mary said that she was planning on visiting an old boyfriend in australia .
i think you did that on purpose .
she showed absolutely no interest in the photos .
tom looked at his <unk> in the sand .
tom is looking at the map .
i think i should go home now .
tom has <unk> mary for a long time .
tom didn 't really feel like drinking coffee .
tom didn 't think mary would be late .
tom seems more annoyed than angry .
i will tell you about japan .
i was hoping they 'd forget .
i like to travel .
we can understand everything they are saying .
tom said that he 's mad .
tom is always at home on sundays .
tom said that mary thought john might not have to do that by himself .
i 'm sure mary has already spent a lot of the money we gave her .
mary probably thought she was going to have to do that today .
did you tell tom about what happened to mary ?
i loved only mary .
it 's your lucky day .
bring your wallet .
tom 's office is on park street .
don 't leave the water running .
i 've been <unk> all night , waiting for you to come out of your bedroom .
the city of boston thanks you for your service .
i know that tom would show you how to do that if you asked him .
tom claims that he can read people 's minds .
tom told me to speak french .
i know someone needs to tell tom about mary 's death . does it have to be me ?
tom is stuck in the past .
i would like it very much if the place where i live were less <unk> .
tom said he knew why mary did that .
tom and mary aren 't sure what else they should do .
tom and mary won 't admit that they 've done anything wrong .
tom told me he thought that mary would be desperate to do that .
i 've quit doing that .
why don 't you call mary and tell her that you miss her ?
you look a lot like your mother .
i thought i heard somebody in the next room
i put on my socks in a <unk> .
i did take a berber class .
i should be gone by the time you get here .
everybody in the village looks up to him .
is tom taking it easy ?
someday my dream will come true .
which songs did they sing ?
will you let tom drive ?
tom doesn 't study hard enough .
i bought this for my girlfriend .
some of her children are good , some are bad .
how much has the plan been changed ?
i would like to know her name .
is that about right ?
it 's hot in here .
the police don 't have any evidence against tom .
i 'll pick them up later .
it may break .
if tom hadn 't <unk> mary , she would 've drowned .
tom 's speech was good .
lucky , aren 't you ?
all the boys were dancing .
you have given me a new life .
tom was the only one who believed that .
tom did everything he could for his kids .
i didn 't expect to find you here .
tom said that he didn 't have much free time .
the boss is going to get mad at me .
i bet tom would be glad if mary didn 't come tonight .
the world needs to change its thinking and behavior , especially in the developed nations .
i read the book in my second year of high school .
i learned to drive a car and got a driver 's license when i was <unk> .
what am i supposed to do with these ?
i don 't like this song .
tom said that mary was likely to be back soon .
i 'm satisfied with my job .
he told me he loved me , which surprised me quite a lot .
my bike isn 't anything like yours .
i don 't think that i know that man .
i wish you both all the happiness in the world .
tom seems to enjoy studying french .
sami doesn 't need to hire anybody .
sami was <unk> into the parking lot where he was shot .
her story excited our pity .
so far no less than 100 people have died of the <unk> .
i hadn 't seen him for ten years .
it was clear that tom didn 't plan to do that .
i 'm sorry .
i 'm getting sick of hearing you complain .
they said that they wanted to die .
we talked our time away .
i don 't see that it matters now .
what was it like in those days ?
as you can see , we 're still working .
how many minutes do you think it 'll take you to do that ?
i wonder if tom would do that .
she advised him to come back at once .
remember what happened last year .
tom didn 't think mary could do that by herself .
mary doesn 't seem very warm .
when we hear of a divorce we assume that it was caused by the <unk> of those two people to agree upon <unk> .
i know that tom and mary are creative .
do you want to know how ?
i thought that i made it clear what you were supposed to do .
i hope you 'll be my friend .
tom is now the president of this company .
there 's a bird on my dad 's head .
help me , i took the bus in <unk> .
she tried to protect her face .
i thought that you said we could go anywhere we wanted .
there are so few things like this .
tom says he wants to learn french .
do you want to know what this is about ?
tom told me he was dying .
how were you able to achieve that ?
can you please repeat what you just said ?
i hate that color .
i can 't afford to buy another computer .
they walked for ten miles , <unk> for ten minutes , then walked again .
tom brought me coffee .
tom said that mary was embarrassed .
tom doesn 't have a ticket yet .
what did tom buy in australia ?
tom said that he wasn 't able to do that .
i didn 't need to come so early .
shame on those who think ill of it .
tom said that he 's glad that you weren 't injured .
i think tom is handsome .
could you please explain it once more ?
tom probably thought i wouldn 't feel like doing that .
there is no doubt whatever about that .
but among you stands one you do not know .
sami would kill to protect his property .
sami was super excited to go to cairo .
just come to see me any time you feel like it , george .
it is his decision .
i 've got to try to find tom .
i 'm really happy for them .
so far , tom and mary are the only ones who 've said they 're coming .
now that you have finished your job , you are free to go home .
tom said that he didn 't want to eat <unk> anymore .
do you mind if i turn off the light ?
i bought a book of jokes .
i admit i 'm the one who stole the money .
i 'll buy him a pencil .
tom has been the <unk> for three years .
i 'm having dinner with some friends this evening .
why did you <unk> tom to do that ?
tom asked mary when she was planning to go home .
tom hasn 't done that again , has he ?
mary is a teacher , isn 't she ?
did tom and mary say why they agreed to do that ?
they 'll have to do it all by themselves .
i know that tom is strange .
mary just missed the train .
it took my eyes a long time to <unk> to the dark .
she went on trial charged with <unk> her husband .
we ate baked sweet potatoes .
is that ok with you ?
i thought i understood you .
no one believes your story .
tom asked me to help mary with her french homework .
tom and mary have been standing in front of the mirror for an hour already .
tom thinks that mary won 't likely win .
don 't worry about the results .
i broke the fly on another pair of pants .
tom planned to go by himself .
one of my favorite <unk> by mark <unk> is , " it 's not the size of the dog in the fight , it 's the size of the fight in the dog . "
this engine works well .
i tried to raise tom alone .
i know that tom is a selfish man .
<unk> put the doll back into her pocket , crossed herself and started out into the dark , wild forest .
tom pretended to be asleep .
tom is rather good .
we can 't change what has happened .
tom doesn 't seem so strong .
are you <unk> that tom is interested in me ?
didn 't you and tom used to hang out together ?
i wish i had this problem .
i go in for tennis while my sister goes in for swimming .
i want his head .
let me say goodbye to him .
it 's really unfair .
that 's the way tom always does it .
tom had to stand in line for three hours .
tom is likely to make a mistake .
tom assumed mary knew why john was in the hospital .
i haven 't been back to boston in a long time .
tom told mary i was lonely .
mary lost her fight with cancer .
tom will probably be up .
mary didn 't look up from her book .
is tom a common name in australia ?
i need to talk to mary about what she said she 'd do .
i always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep .
mike is coming to dinner this evening .
i don 't understand the exact meaning of this sentence .
tom said that he now regrets doing that .
it seems to me that you don 't agree .
he says he wants to be a teacher .
i should have reported it to the police , but i didn 't .
tom walked off the stage .
tom told me that he was going to sell his house .
let 's be brave .
tom isn 't the one who told me where mary lived .
it will be a surprise !
do you think tom is still safe ?
i really do enjoy it .
tom wasn 't able to open the box .
that 's what i want to do .
sami and farid were still best friends .
they let me sing with their band .
so that 's what you think .
we met up last winter .
i don 't think you have a choice .
i don 't have enough yet .
do you want to know what i dreamed last night ?
tom and mary promised they 'd help .
sami called the state police .
yes , but you do not have to stay to the end .
tom usually goes to work by car .
tom says that he waited for a long time , but mary never showed up .
he has done it before .
are you still alone ?
it was about more money .
perhaps tom and mary know something that we don 't .
sami and layla know each other so well .
your story idea is very original and it 's <unk> me .
how are you getting along these days ?
what 're you guys looking for ?
do you know whether or not tom plans to go to australia next winter ?
i only listen to classical music .
it was really obvious .
she is very good at changing the subject .
i got to the bus stop with only a few minutes to spare .
do you think you get paid enough ?
i doubt that tom would be able to do that without our help .
this report is not perfect .
that doesn 't work at all .
you should tell tom mary has to do that .
i wonder how tom learned french .
i will need your help .
he hurried over to his car .
we could travel together .
can you say that one more time ?
tom said that he wasn 't the least bit tired .
that 's a risk you have to take .
the man sitting over there is a famous singer .
mary has lots of things she needs to do today .
i have to know .
go see tom .
she is lazy .
mary is really good at math , isn 't she ?
you had better give up smoking at once .
i was a waiter for a few years .
listen up , everybody !
tom 's body was found in the <unk> .
i 'd rather watch grass grow .
tom said that mary wasn 't feeling well .
the upstairs window opened .
tom told mary that he thought john had gotten fired .
tom had nothing to do with the <unk> .
tom accused mary of not being home enough .
they like jazz .
i 'm never at home on sundays .
didn 't you know tom and mary were john 's grandparents ?
tom and mary thought john would be upset if they did that .
tom is around here somewhere .
mary says she believes she can do that .
pink is not a natural hair color .
tom walked into the living room , still <unk> his shirt .
i think tom and mary would 've helped us if they 'd been there .
sami liked to party .
tom still hasn 't taken down his christmas tree .
tom speaks slowly .
i 've actually heard of this .
i wish i hadn 't gone to australia with tom .
if possible , i 'd like to go home now .
i 'm just tired of standing up .
tom said he didn 't think that it would be possible to do that .
is mr. smith an english teacher ?
sami and layla aren 't sleeping together .
you didn 't tell us what he had written in this letter .
did you go and see her ?
tom told me he would come again .
did you happen to meet him ?
do you really think it would be <unk> to do that ?
i loved her .
he seems honest enough .
there was nothing to do but wait until the next morning .
i was next .
we know tom didn 't win .
i don 't like boston and tom doesn 't either .
they said they 'd loan me the money .
leave me alone or i 'm going to call security .
neither tom nor mary has been told to leave .
tom and mary said they could wait until 2 : 30 .
tom wants us to move up our <unk> time .
tom got drunk and drowned while taking a bath .
i totally forgot .
sami didn 't have class that day .
they held up their hands .
tom doesn 't know i 've never done that .
tom definitely looks younger than mary .
tom and mary don 't know they shouldn 't try doing that by themselves .
tom wants to know your name .
tom said that it couldn 't be done .
i can 't even begin to imagine what you went through .
sami doesn 't even know my name .
can you tell me what this says ?
i bought the car .
tom isn 't sure yet whether he 'll go or not .
i hate living in boston .
obey your teachers .
tom is just passing through .
i don 't like wearing a watch .
everyone rushed outside .
why don 't you spend more time with tom ?
even though mary is quite old , she can still do that fairly well .
i 'd like to say it 's been fun being here , but it hasn 't .
it must be this way .
you will feel the <unk> person in the world .
they said that they intended to win .
tom 's friends all laughed at mary .
tourists are the main source of income for them .
tom said that he thought that mary was outside .
she was in her office at that time .
along the way will be fine . it 's a complicated matter .
tom and mary said they never expected this to happen .
we 're taking off .
tell tom i 'm working as fast as i can .
tom and mary said they wished they hadn 't been there .
why don 't you two just sit down ?
what are you two talking about ?
you don 't remember ?
she didn 't show up until the meeting was over .
it 's important that you tell me the truth .
what kind of food do you want ?
hold on just one second .
sami acted like he wasn 't there .
i think they 're ready .
tom saw his kids off to school .
there weren 't any kids in the park .
they looked like they were bored .
mary bought so many things that it took her ten <unk> to bring the stuff from the garage into her house .
i 've found a better way to do that .
i know tom didn 't know that i don 't often do that .
what time do you go on duty ?
what did you do yesterday evening ?
you can choose whatever name you like for the two <unk> of government . i personally call the type of government which can be removed without violence " democracy " , and the other " <unk> " .
i explained what the problem was .
the meeting came to an end at noon .
that never was an issue .
she 's probably just waiting for you to apologize .
she did what we expected her to do .
tom came all the way from australia to see me .
tom remembered all kinds of things which no one else could remember .
i visited my uncle in the country one day .
tom told mary that he thought john was engaged to alice .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was mistaken .
you can 't blame her for not knowing what she hasn 't been taught .
i don 't know how long this situation is going to last .
tom wants to say goodbye .
i want him left alone .
i need to find a solution to that problem .
little thing please little minds .
you should 've left your car parked where it was .
she said she wanted to cry .
tom told me that he doesn 't want that .
it 's going to be cheaper in the long run to use real <unk> .
tom and mary have been studying french together all afternoon .
he got yelled at by his boss .
i 'm looking for my phone .
i wonder whether tom knew mary really needed to do that .
i hope this doesn 't hurt you .
they 're sleeping in their car .
i should know better than to drink on an empty stomach .
tom is never going to have to worry about money .
nothing is as expensive as what one gets for free .
tom sometimes gets embarrassed .
it won 't be hard to find someone to do that <unk>
they told me that they 're very hungry .
i 'm hearing that a lot lately .
too bad tom wasn 't here to help us today .
i already know you want to quit your job .
i don 't think that tom can do that by himself .
why don 't you let tom know that you want to do that ?
tom wasn 't aware that anything out of the ordinary had occurred .
mary wished tom had told her earlier .
shame on you !
let me tell you what i did today !
tom got cold when the sun went down , so he put the <unk> on .
i decided to be a lawyer .
i know why tom came here .
please do that tomorrow .
this coat is a little tight across the back .
i 'll call mary and see what she 's doing .
sami isn 't going to go out tonight .
i think tom was the last one to do that .
you know that i can 't be in boston next week .
i suspect that tom won 't tell mary why he wants to do that .
her behavior was a <unk> from the normal .
tom and mary painted their house themselves .
everything happened really fast after that .
tom and i go to the same church .
even though it 's small , it 's still a great car .
they wanted people to like them .
i caught three fish yesterday .
i assume you know what to do .
he woke her up with a kiss .
i offered to lend money to her .
were you the one who helped tom do that ?
i sold it and paid my debt .
he looked up .
strike tom 's name off the list .
tom and mary are playing cards .
tom just seems lost sometimes .
he flew to paris .
her acting is on the level of a professional .
i want everyone here to help .
he ended up going by himself .
tom and mary didn 't know who was going to help them .
i don 't think i impressed tom .
tom likes pretending that he 's the boss .
don 't take this personally .
have tom and mary done that recently ?
surely you must go ?
he asked for a glass of water .
english is one of the <unk> languages to speak badly , but the most difficult to use well .
<unk> is like speaking esperanto , it 's a dream coming true : the global village .
i hope that 's a joke .
didn 't they teach you anything at school ?
i don 't know why we say it like that , we just do .
tom was the one who taught mary how to ride a bicycle .
tom fixed it .
tom is the only other person who could have done that .
i think it dangerous for children to swim in this lake .
actually , and i need to keep this quiet , but recently here there 's a <unk> that young women on this beach are having photos taken in secret of them .
i 'm going to ask you a question .
tom left boston in october .
i <unk> you , friends of the sun .
<unk> out your wisdom a little at a time .
he ruined my life .
i told you not to do that .
tom would have loved it .
tom asked the <unk> for the wine list .
i can reason with him .
i think that tom may be telling the truth .
you 're a <unk> , aren 't you ?
why doesn 't he play with me anymore ?
do you still write letters to your grandparents ?
people who bring personal details into <unk> don 't know how to argue .
sami knew that was happening .
he put his suitcase on his bed .
you must try .
it is said in the summer it 's nice here .
tom asked me to buy three <unk> of wine for him .
is he a good person ?
tom wouldn 't want me to say that .
people will laugh at you if you say so .
the child is big .
i 'm having a hard time understanding how this works .
tom is going to come live with us .
it 's a serious illness .
i thought tom wasn 't through doing that yet .
tom won 't likely sleep very well tonight .
don 't you think the dog is smart ?
i 'm afraid i have other plans .
i don 't think that you should eat so much <unk> food .
i don 't want to be the manager .
maybe this is what tom and mary were looking for .
can you keep it a secret ?
tom has gone to the bank .
i want to be alone .
she <unk> her drinking husband out of the house .
tom will probably be confused .
it always makes me feel a bit <unk> .
there 's no doubt tom will do that for us .
you should make good on your promises .
tom wasn 't the only person who was injured .
she 's unable to do that on her own .
we 're looking for someone .
how can you not like horses ?
has tom been drinking ?
we 're all very fortunate .
tom is still better at french than i am .
if would be good for tom to swim more often .
sami left layla 's bedroom .
tom and mary didn 't do anything we wanted them to do .
they told me that they were sleepy .
neither tom nor mary speaks french .
mary is really out of shape , isn 't she ?
tom loves music more than anything else in the world .
does tom have a secret ?
tom considered telling mary to do that .
tom and mary just want to be left alone .
think whatever you want . just don 't bother me with your thinking .
tom said that he felt like crying .
what are tom and mary planning on doing after they retire ?
it 's <unk> that tom will do that .
we have three hours .
when was the last time you read a book ?
he is sure to make it in the next exam .
their living room is as large again as my house .
i don 't have time to go to the movies .
tom would 've done that by himself if mary hadn 't been there .
they admitted they weren 't prepared .
mary got married when she was 30 years old .
the subject has not yet been fully <unk> .
i think tom doesn 't have a very good job .
tom is smoking hot .
you 're always late .
let 's not argue about this .
did mary say she 'd eat with us ?
i want to come to the hotel .
sami stopped seeing layla for a little way .
she is no less charming than her older sister .
how old were you then ?
we can all sleep well now .
i 'm having a very difficult time today .
they told me that they were free .
tom didn 't let me talk with you .
he is still with you , i <unk> ?
tom certainly has big shoes to fill .
don 't rely too much on others .
they knew they couldn 't win .
the boy has come home .
i can 't think of anything .
mind your own business .
the boy is kind .
i should be in boston now .
why don 't you believe mary when she says she 's busy ?
what did you tell tom exactly ?
tom and mary told john that they thought alice was <unk> .
how can i help you today ?
i thought you would never come here .
he lost his money .
let 's forget this whole thing happened .
tom knew mary would sit with john , but he was hoping she 'd sit with him .
yesterday i played chess with tom .
all at once the sky became dark and it started to rain .
mary told me today that she loved me .
can we get some coffee ?
the dirty boy turned out to be a prince in <unk> .
i was told not to park my car here anymore .
mary was living in boston when i first met her .
it will be hot tomorrow .
there 's an apple in this boy 's pocket .
tom didn 't want to deal with mary .
i started to become impatient .
sami started speed walking .
tom isn 't back from the mountains yet .
sami drank a little bit more .
if i were young , i would go abroad .
i want people to remember my name after i 'm dead .
mary says she and tom usually eat lunch together .
tom went back to boston last week .
do you have any idea who might have stolen my bicycle ?
" sit down , please , " he said .
he went to visit her at the hospital every monday .
can you come to the meeting tomorrow afternoon ?
i knew we 'd be good .
my cousin has a large collection of action <unk> .
will it make a difference ?
i don 't have her phone number .
he is certainly not without courage .
i tried doing just that .
where will we be going to ?
he didn 't get what he wished for .
tom doesn 't like living in boston .
a stranger beat <unk> at the front door .
i 'm sure i 'll manage .
tom was <unk> on october 20th three years ago .
i don 't want you to feel like <unk> .
he will wash dishes .
mary obviously needs someone to help her .
i don 't think tom was boring .
we shouldn 't be in boston now .
tom was given full <unk> of the children .
reason promises us its support , but it does not always keep its promise .
he filled his plate with food .
tom gave up running for class president .
tom said mary isn 't lonely .
i know that you probably didn 't do that by yourself .
<unk> speaking , you haven 't tried your best .
do you have bread for lunch ?
i know that tom is a very <unk> guy .
tom doesn 't seem convinced that mary has to do that .
tom has already told mary not to do that again .
i 'd like to see you before i leave for europe .
i didn 't pass the test .
tom and i both needed to do that .
was it you who told tom he had to do that ?
you 'll meet tom tomorrow .
tom is the only one who couldn 't do that .
tom went to bed .
tom sat down next to mary on the bench .
tom 's <unk> are glad he 's able to play again .
i don 't have very many friends .
is that my hat ?
i 'll think of a way to do it .
tom <unk> his car out of the garage .
i gave my vote to ken .
i 'm going to be in boston next week on business .
sami couldn 't eat .
tom is on his lunch break .
i asked tom where he 's from .
the question now is where .
you know tom is still planning on going , don 't you ?
you will know the truth some day .
we went to australia together .
there 's still no sign of him .
you can be sure i will not hurt you but you should know i will not forgive you .
my house is for sale .
her house is on the other side of the bridge .
the cause wasn 't immediately known .
i don 't quite follow .
am i correct in <unk> that you regret doing that ?
he loved the <unk> <unk> of his wealth , less as a man to whom habit has made it necessary , than as one to whom it is still <unk> from its <unk> .
it 's in your best interest to <unk> against sami .
tom <unk> both sides of mary and john 's phone conversation .
i never thought i would get married .
he 's not one of us .
i 'll be there as fast as i can .
tom isn 't much shorter than mary is .
when should we tell tom this ?
their success has a lot to do with their <unk> .
you have many different kinds of people here .
help me get out of the car .
i hope tom and mary are home .
i caught three fish .
i feel bad for tom .
tom has always been a bit of an <unk> .
i wonder why tom refused to help us do that .
tom won 't risk it .
it 's been a bad week for them .
i know tom doesn 't know why he needs to do that by himself .
we have a great deal of cheese .
i hope to see you again next year .
isn 't tom a little old for you ?
tom <unk> the ring on mary 's finger .
my grandfather was a farmer .
tom doesn 't realize how lucky he 's been .
why does tom always have money problems ?
the guests wished the happy couple a long and <unk> life .
nobody can help you now .
how <unk> do you think this report is ?
i know that tom will be gone by the time we get there .
i think tom and mary are both thirty years old .
i didn 't agree to go to australia with tom .
but you 're not there .
i didn 't know you weren 't planning on doing that by yourselves .
i 'll let tom know what you 've done .
tom said a lot of things .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't do anything about it .
i didn 't know that tom would be cooking dinner for us tonight .
tom isn 't likely to agree to do that .
we might as well go ahead and do that now .
tom showed the letter to me .
we 've been helping tom .
you never understand anything .
don 't cut the cake with a knife .
the program is intended for working <unk> with years of work experience .
tom can tell mary if he wants to .
a dog is a <unk> animal , so it is said to be a friend of man .
they 're scared out of their minds .
i 've taken some medicine for my stomach <unk> .
i 'm still alive , and that 's the main thing , father says .
tom and mary told john that they 'd eat anything he made for them .
tom comes to boston once or twice a year .
tell tom that i need some money .
do you know that gentleman ?
there seems no need to help that country .
sami didn 't want to fight farid in front of his friend .
tom and mary said that they would stop smoking .
don 't let anyone enter the room .
why is the right of return of the <unk> rejected by israel ?
i don 't think that tom knows i 'm planning to do that .
he and his <unk> asked me to come along with them .
i 'll certainly go and see him .
they say they feel much better now .
the second part of the book is much more difficult than the first .
will you kiss tom ?
come on , let 's see it .
poor alice was so frightened that she <unk> away from him , but he caught her by the <unk> and <unk> to draw her towards the door . i <unk> , and at that moment my son <unk> came into the room .
tom didn 't see a way out .
i know i can 't do that as well as tom can .
mary used to do that when she was a child .
they thought they might do that .
i thought we 'd give it a try .
although he is poor , he is happy .
i don 't want you to stay .
i think that tom and mary are married .
do you believe that i have a chance to get that position ?
i didn 't have the time .
they spilled coffee on themselves .
we thought some students would come , but there was nobody the classroom .
i didn 't get home until after midnight .
i didn 't want to talk to tom about work .
mary is going to do that later when she 's not so busy .
i 'm not the only one who wanted to do that .
tom and mary said that they 've done that already .
tom wanted to know what we 're planning on doing .
i was not satisfied with life in paris .
tell tom we 're going to need more time .
tom didn 't mean to kill mary .
i speak berber at home .
what should i get my new girlfriend for her birthday ?
it was only yesterday that i heard the news .
tom has been looking for mary .
tom 's teacher said that he needs to pay more attention in class .
sami remembered layla saying that .
tom said that he 's not allowed to do that .
how much can change in a single day !
tom said mary wants to do that before she leaves .
my dog bit them .
you lied to my face .
tom found mary attractive .
mary said she didn 't understand anything .
i didn 't think that we 'd be allowed to do that .
you cannot learn the truth unless you hear what both parties have to say .
don 't make us do this .
i knew it was plastic but it <unk> like wood .
tom and mary are willing to help us .
tom lives in australia with his grandparents .
tom and mary said they didn 't believe john would do that by himself .
i suspect tom will eventually want to do that .
i thought tom was going to tell me what to do .
she said that she 's safe .
mary couldn 't find anyone to help her .
the store is just across from the theater .
tom would have done that if mary hadn 't done it for him yesterday .
tom knows that he shouldn 't be here .
are you all by yourself ?
tom and mary were pretty busy themselves .
why are you still awake ?
i have to see it !
i read the times .
mary said she wasn 't having a good time .
tom didn 't know mary couldn 't understand french .
tom didn 't know i was from australia .
thank god tom wasn 't killed .
tom was sitting on the bench over there not too long ago .
just don 't say anything .
tom said mary has only done that three times .
now it 's your turn .
are you interested in baseball , tom ?
we should let you rest .
tom didn 't tell me that you were a doctor .
do tom and mary know you work here ?
sami shot two <unk> into the head of his wife , layla .
tell her to come see me .
tom said that he thought he ought to do that .
i think you sleep well .
sami didn 't tell his mom .
but that 's not the only reason he was <unk> .
tom gave mary a drink .
i suspect tom and mary were afraid to do that .
why would you say such horrible things ?
i 've known tom since we were both kids .
i just don 't know where to start .
tom says mary is very rich .
just a moment . let her finish .
we have more customers than we can count .
many people here don 't agree with that .
tom <unk> several jokes before beginning his speech .
tom will be here for three more years .
you didn 't think i 'd be tempted to do that , did you ?
we didn 't mean to leave mary out of the plan .
alice is my mother .
he hung a lamp from the ceiling .
i don 't think that tom knows why mary has to do that .
many <unk> don 't take into account the weather conditions .
tom didn 't do what you say he did .
tom knew he was in danger .
i don 't think tom and mary are mistaken .
i can see why you don 't like tom .
the class was too big so we split up into two smaller <unk> .
you 're making absolutely no sense .
they told me that they were embarrassed .
that 's reasonable .
let 's go to boston next summer .
i think you made up that story about the accident .
i 'd like to question her .
i am ashamed of my son 's <unk> .
i suspect tom didn 't go to boston last week .
tom says he 's already learned a lot .
sami sent layla two hundred letters .
i wouldn 't be so sure of that .
are tom and mary crazy ?
sami and layla have nothing to do with each other anymore .
is it getting better or worse ?
i am eating .
he couldn 't understand the sentence .
they carried on with the plan in spite of strong <unk> to it .
have you ever played golf ?
i 'm almost as old as tom .
there used to be a castle on the top of the mountain .
mrs. smith gave birth to her second child .
tom already knows what i want him to do .
sami told us the price .
everyone is against me .
tom cried for an hour .
i don 't care whether you do that or not .
tom and mary rode their <unk> every day .
tom said he thought that mary was unhappy .
i felt sorry for him .
people regretted his sudden death deeply .
do tom and mary ever forget anything ?
aren 't you even going to ask me what i was doing ?
sami was falling for layla .
tom 's performance was very good .
sami was glad to do that for layla .
hurry up and get in .
i 'm not used to working this hard .
obviously , tom doesn 't like mary very much .
tom didn 't need to do it .
tom has seen them .
i refused to eat until my parents came home .
let me tell you something strange .
there was no need to worry .
the blue sky is <unk> in the sea .
tom is worried we 'll get lost .
do you have anything you want to say to us ?
sami knew who attacked him .
it 's not like i haven 't tried .
sami went into the closet .
animals cannot exist without air and water .
how about doing that together ?
tom hopes mary knows she needs to do everything john has told her to do .
tom has never said anything about that .
tom 's plan wasn 't any good .
personally i like both .
mary said she 'd come over this evening .
i think you 're not telling me something .
fadil believed in what the bible said .
tom and mary quit their jobs last week .
i wish i could speak french the way tom does .
today i 'm going to a game again , but i need to set off earlier than yesterday .
i thought that we agreed .
tom hates his last name .
the cat ran away .
that 's me , that 's tom and that 's mary .
i know for certain that 's what happened .
i never thought i 'd have so much fun .
tom sold his car last week .
mary told tom that she didn 't think john was right .
they put on a show to <unk> their teachers .
i don 't think i belong here .
japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality .
mary didn 't really have to do that , did she ?
isn 't that possible ?
sami <unk> a sixteen year old girl when he was twenty six .
i 'm sure that mary will be delighted to see you .
tom and mary said that they didn 't feel safe .
what 's your favorite bar in boston ?
tom won 't forgive me .
if you 'd just asked me , i would 've done that .
tom and mary said that they weren 't the first ones to do that .
tom is really selfish .
he worked in a big city hospital .
i didn 't send tom any wine .
i don 't think tom is here .
why are you going to tom 's again ?
you were a prison <unk> for ten years .
the police searched tom 's room for three hours .
she told me that she 's unemployed .
they will never agree .
i have been living here for these ten years .
didn 't you know that tom wasn 't paid for doing that ?
tom and mary said they thought i might not have to do that tomorrow .
can he be trusted ?
tom and mary <unk> the door as they left .
why didn 't you just tell me what it was ?
it was clear that tom was going to do that for me .
there are seven of us .
tom likes to be early .
what would you have done , tom ?
mary says she doesn 't want to talk about that .
can you remember anything about it ?
tom has been training since he was thirteen years old .
there are always a lot of <unk> on this road .
there is a strike .
do you have to do this very often ?
tom isn 't the kind of person who would <unk> .
a real man makes his own luck .
i had a talk with them .
tom likes that one .
they took advantage of it .
i knew tom wasn 't going to resign .
i would do that if i were you .
i 'm working again .
i still don 't think that you should be doing that .
thank you for listening to us !
tom and mary told john they were going to eat lunch at home .
i wish i were there right now .
the pain was still there .
tom tried to focus on the task at hand .
he is anxious to get back into <unk> .
there 's a chance it 'll snow .
i have no desire to study .
what would tom and mary do without us ?
tom said that mary was <unk> by that .
it is as hot a day as yesterday .
a dangerous criminal has escaped from the insane <unk> .
he needs <unk> medical attention at a hospital .
tom always gets up early in the morning .
tom is behind mary .
tom is a little taller than mary .
we 're planning to join the team .
everybody watched the president laugh with a puzzled expression on their faces .
the secret will remain a secret .
are tom and mary in your class ?
let 's <unk> reading where we left off last week .
attention , danger to life !
i didn 't think tom would hurt mary .
layla wasn 't that type of girl to get in any trouble .
she may have done something foolish .
i knew exactly what to look for .
i kept one .
we need to remember three things .
tom might possibly have been the one who did that .
said the cat to the dog : <unk> aren 't good for you .
i looked at him .
i wrote a thousand sentences !
one <unk> of it will be tom 's .
i knew you were alive .
i didn 't realize i should do that .
tom would like to see your essay after you 've written it .
i 'm not going to leave you alone with tom again .
there were almost three hundred people in the <unk> .
i have seen him once .
i have been living in canada for almost five years .
i knew he was waiting for mary .
it appeared that she was trying to keep back tears .
tom hasn 't been in boston long .
" is there a glass ? " " yes , there 's one on the table . "
he may miss his train .
it was yesterday that i saw him .
it 's obvious that tom wants to die .
what did tom and mary do ?
mary probably doesn 't know why tom wants her to go to boston with him .
the mouse sure knows where the cheese is located .
tom asked mary to go to australia with him .
can 't you go on any longer ?
you should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life .
sami didn 't respect the manager .
i 'm sure that tom is just hungry as the rest of us are .
they did not like my book .
let s have another !
they found him guilty .
mary told tom she wasn 't going to do that .
i think that tom wouldn 't be happy if you did that .
i 'll let tom know that you 're coming .
tom has never been <unk> by his father .
thank you for finally <unk> to me why people take me for an idiot .
i think your letter is under that book .
he showed up at my front door .
mary didn 't look like she was having any fun .
when i was at high school , i knew a lot of jokes .
i don 't think tom and mary know what i want .
that 's the last thing i 'd do .
what you want doesn 't matter anymore .
are you still convinced tom and mary were the ones who did that ?
you need to drive <unk> south to reach boston .
they talked about it on the telephone .
tom doesn 't want to go to boston .
did you do that to tom ?
tom gave the <unk> both food and money .
how can she stand it ?
the people here are well off .
don 't <unk> yourself too much in drinking .
tom is a guard .
how could tom know that was going to happen ?
tom said that mary was probably still downstairs .
i 'm sure tom will do the right thing .
sami was tired and hungry .
she told me that she 'd leave .
i knew tom would be happy to do that .
mary said that she wasn 't strong .
tom went to get some fresh air .
i don 't know where tom and mary have gone .
we 've never seen anything like it .
tom lied .
good thoughts bear good fruit , bad thoughts bear bad fruit .
tom knows that not everyone here can swim .
they promised not to go on strike during the conference .
sami wants to move here .
hope you 're well .
hey , have you ever seen a guy 's <unk> before ?
i think that what tom told you is true .
tom told me he thought mary would be surprised .
tom returned to australia to be with me .
she didn 't even open the present he gave her .
tom speaks french well .
that woman is proud rather than vain .
that isn 't what tom wants to do .
tom was a little disappointed .
the trip will take some five hours .
you have to ask them first .
tom promised to come home early tonight .
i saw the man knocked down and the driver driving away .
tom said he 's excused from doing that .
i have a few options to consider .
i was happy to sell it .
i 'd never hurt them .
sami didn 't have enough money for rent .
mary came by herself .
sami served fifteen years in prison and was released in 2013 .
that 's the worst part .
mary said she thought that tom had done that .
sami stepped out of the shower .
he says he still needs help .
i 'm afraid to talk to tom .
he slept with his teacher .
when was the last time you saw tom doing that ?
i suspected something like this might happen .
mary doesn 't look so happy , does she ?
tom refused to press charges .
tom said everybody he knows enjoys doing that .
somebody attacked tom .
it 's still just as before here .
i hope tom won 't need to do that .
a man who has never gone to school may steal from a <unk> car , but if he has a university education , he may steal the whole <unk> .
tom has been living in australia for three years .
sami is terrified of me .
i knew tom wasn 't good at chess .
tom didn 't expect the meeting to last so long .
i 'm sure tom won 't be jealous .
tom is one of the most <unk> men in australia .
tom stayed there for three hours .
she just admitted she made a mistake .
the river was beautiful .
tom is doing very well these days .
i hope i can get tom to do that .
do be kind to your children !
you 're good with kids , aren 't you ?
tom said he thought mary was good at french .
tom didn 't know what he 'd say to mary .
tom is acting nuts .
the real <unk> industry is in a serious <unk> , and industry people say the worst is yet to come .
what are the neighbors doing ?
i don 't think i 'd ever want to do that by alone .
it 's my <unk> that knowledge is power .
was tom involved in what happened today ?
tell me how i can help you .
discuss what they should understand better .
come on , you 're wasting time .
mary doesn 't have to talk about it if she doesn 't want to .
are not you the cause of this for me ?
i guess i 've gotten lazy .
she wouldn 't be happy with him .
i don 't believe in that .
we made the best of that bad situation .
we need to change more than that .
we used to swim in this river a lot .
do you have a house on your own ?
i don 't think that tom will be in australia .
he has tea every morning .
tom and mary are <unk> all right on their own .
tom is the one that did that wrong .
i don 't care where tom and mary go to school .
it would be awesome !
remember that boys who <unk> on having their own way , sooner or later come to <unk> .
tom got run over by a truck .
mary asked tom not to hug her anymore .
mary has already bought everything she needs .
i can 't deal with them .
tom wasn 't surprised that nobody else was there .
i 'm still working on my report .
what do you think tom wanted ?
tom woke up at dawn .
i didn 't know it was possible to borrow that much money .
are you sure you don 't want to sleep on it ?
tom and i have a couple of classes together .
tom isn 't going to be happy about this .
didn 't you know both tom and mary don 't like chocolate ?
i remember this poem .
tom looks like he 's really <unk> on it .
what can we do to keep that from happening again ?
i never think of summer without thinking of my childhood .
<unk> were not permitted to enter the area .
women were the ones who suffered the most during the <unk> .
tom is the owner of this building .
tom and mary are now divorced .
we 're all hoping it happens .
where is she now ?
i love the way you dress .
tom doesn 't seem to know very much .
tom is quite a bit <unk> than i am .
she said she didn 't want to do that .
the only think tom does is watch tv .
i 'm not quite sure what i should be doing .
everyone 's fine .
i appreciate your point of view .
she gained her end .
tom didn 't seem to be as friendly as mary seemed to be .
the audience looked confused .
we 've been waiting for an hour and the line has barely moved .
do you want me to tell you what causes that ?
he told me he had to split .
do i get to eat my dessert now ?
i didn 't see you drunk .
with both song and dance , the <unk> put on an excellent show .
even if it 's just for a short while fighting <unk> us is all i could ask for .
she wrote him a long letter , but he didn 't read it .
let 's get it right this time .
mary expected us to go with her yesterday .
tom said that he thought that mary wasn 't in her office .
he opened the door !
they have only one blanket .
he started to empty his pockets .
tom and mary say that they teach french .
i am free all day , i 'll come and see you at any time that <unk> you .
give tom everything you 've got .
tom plans to live in boston next year .
my friend invited me to go out to dinner .
the girls were <unk> when they discovered their dad in his <unk> sitting on the roof of the house .
i thought that you were in charge .
nothing seems to scare you .
tom and mary told me that they 'd look at it .
i like to play tennis . what sport do you like to play ?
almost everyone i know wants to go to tomorrow 's concert .
tom drives much faster than mary drives .
your father must have been very disappointed .
tom took mary in his arms .
let 's go to the mountains .
i didn 't think that tom would be concerned about that .
are you sure that you want to give this away ?
the knee is the body 's largest <unk> .
i don 't care what happens .
have you finished reading the book i lent you the other day ?
tom said that he was starting to get tired .
we can 't rest until tom is free .
i 'm so glad you love it .
i want to give some money to tom .
i want to work from the <unk> ' point of view .
the truth is that languages have never been and will never be equal , because there is a very large <unk> that history has not been able to take down .
tom said mary has seen john doing that .
do you think we should 've talked to tom about this ?
it won 't be difficult for us to do this .
i 'll eventually have to do that .
tom is more active .
tom told me mary is leaving tomorrow .
they did what they were told to do .
tom seemed to be unlucky .
tom did well in school .
they told everyone that they were ready .
i 'm sorry to hear tom and mary are sick .
the table is broken , it must be repaired .
tom and mary said they don 't plan on going by themselves .
he 'll arrive within an hour .
i 've lived in australia since i was three .
tom isn 't as lucky as he used to be .
i chose to wait .
tom didn 't know mary was planning to do that .
he arrived an hour late , which annoyed me very much .
i can 't ask him right now .
let 's <unk> up this work now and go out drinking .
tom joined the group .
tom pulled up in his car .
tom gave me exactly what i needed .
we need to save up money to buy a new car .
you aren 't mad at me anymore , are you ?
tom is the one who taught me how to play <unk> .
tell her that i am helping <unk> with her homework .
they did nothing .
that used to belong to them .
tom has gone below .
he is not on facebook .
i won 't go there without tom .
it 's worse than you think .
who 's the tallest person in your family ?
were you talking to me ?
tom may have some problems we can help him deal with .
he could not get out of the bad habit .
tom doesn 't understand why mary did that .
tom and mary always carry their <unk> with them .
they said they won 't walk home today .
everything looked beautiful , in the <unk> of early spring .
maybe i 'll have a <unk> made like that for next halloween .
that sounds quite <unk> , doesn 't it ?
what are you trying to do here ?
tom said that mary was likely to still be unemployed .
we are so similar and so different at the same time .
mary said tom would probably go to boston with her .
sami said this was his favorite thing to do .
i 'm the <unk> person on this planet .
tom doesn 't seem to be curious .
i like your eyes !
let 's sit in the back .
i don 't think tom will be present at today 's meeting .
tom wouldn 't let me date his daughter .
how about singing that song for me again ?
he learned to <unk> when he was five .
tom and mary shook hands with each other .
tom was also at the beach .
sami was using layla .
mary told me about her trip .
mary decided that she 'd do that .
i don 't think that tom will be successful .
i opened a window .
i stayed at a hotel not too far from tom 's .
tom and mary told john they were going to boston .
we were all in this together .
i knew tom wouldn 't accept my invitation .
this book is interesting and , what is more , very <unk> .
my friends always say i 'm too <unk> , but my family always says i 'm too boring .
i know that tom is tired of doing that .
tom said he didn 't think mary knew how to do that .
i 'm unable to translate this sentence .
mary said she 'd call me , but she hasn 't yet .
he stepped on his glasses .
i thought you said you knew tom .
tom and mary don 't get as much sleep as they should .
mary is busy now , so she can 't talk with you .
i hope nothing 's happened to him .
i suggest you start studying for the test right away .
tom and mary spent the night out under the stars .
mr white and i are not friends , only <unk> .
tom called the cops on us .
they 're in their rooms now .
i 'll meet her .
i didn 't notice what tom was eating .
tom said that he 's driving to boston on october 20th .
can fast food really be healthy ?
i 'm fairly certain tom will help me .
how was your meeting ?
i just want you to love me .
i think that it 's going to be a good day .
i should 've seen that coming .
try to do that .
do i need to change my diet ?
mary wasn 't wearing her glasses when i saw her this morning .
is that what you have in mind ?
i couldn 't do anything about that .
have you ever wanted to have a <unk> car ?
this story is especially interesting .
i know that tom doesn 't know mary should do that .
she 'll do that when her turn comes .
tom read the art of war .
tom and mary said they were really drunk .
i didn 't throw stuff at my teachers .
you had better have gone by ship .
sami was going to take care of it .
tom told everybody he was desperate to do that .
tom is building his own museum .
did tom and mary tell you where they were going ?
do you have any free time on monday ?
sami asked layla to take her hijab off .
tom suddenly fell ill .
how do i get to ... ?
i still use this website for learning berber .
i 'm very sorry for what happened .
mary ignored tom .
it 'll be very difficult get there on time .
sami robbed another cairo store .
do i look like i 'm joking ?
mary won 't go camping by herself .
i did some stupid things .
sami sent us beautiful photos .
mary is going to do whatever she can .
tom has been released from jail .
tom and mary aren 't sure they can do that .
they said that they plan on going .
i will return your book on <unk> if i have finished it .
the line 's busy .
how 's your brother ?
sorry . you forgot your <unk> at the table .
sami was a fun person to be around .
i 'm glad that tom waited .
are you sure we have time for this ?
tom said that the concert was fun .
ask tom to leave .
the coffee smells good .
i 'm pretty desperate right now .
i changed the lock on my door .
tom isn 't very creative .
he said he isn 't upset .
i 'm not sure what time tom will be home .
i 'm just glad tom and mary are doing that .
he told me that he can 't do that .
tom said that he 's planning on doing that .
mary told me that she thought tom was divorced .
i suspect that tom and mary are lost .
sami wants to go to the movies with layla .
nowadays , a safety <unk> is not always safe .
tom caught up with mary and john .
she forced me to go out with her .
tom looked out the window , but he didn 't see mary .
sami has been drinking wine .
i hope tom and mary aren 't at the party .
i 've been trying to find my keys .
i found that the question was easy to answer .
i 'm going to tell you something about tom that you might not know .
he didn 't want to sell his car .
tom and mary told me they thought john could do that .
she made tea for me .
tom said that mary thought that he might need to do that by himself .
i didn 't see her again .
we should go talk to them .
i returned to boston on october 20th .
so , what is it you want me to say ?
i won 't likely need to do that .
i 'm sure i won 't be allowed to do that anymore .
i know you 're in there .
she waited for him for two hours .
" nice to meet you . " " nice to meet you too . "
she fell in love with a young officer .
sami got in his car .
tom said that he would give mary a book .
would tom lie to us ?
are there any fish in this pond ?
he has a loud voice .
i don 't like the neighborhood where i live .
mary had to pay her rent yesterday .
i said i don 't want to talk about it .
i didn 't notice when he left the room .
i brought you another blanket .
was the book that you were reading yesterday in french or in english ?
we really painted the town red last night .
some students find it difficult to follow the rules .
she locked herself in her bedroom .
tom came back last october .
see life in terms of power .
were it not for your help , i could never succeed .
he can 't see the wood for the trees .
where were you when you realized that you didn 't have your umbrella ?
tom is going to go swimming this afternoon .
are tom and mary still not talking to each other ?
i think that tom would be supportive .
this is the kind of music i like to listen to .
tom can 't be over thirty . he looks like a teenager .
it was unfortunately impossible for us to <unk> .
the old lady lived in a <unk> apartment by herself .
i forgot i was supposed to call tom .
tom said that i looked surprised .
i want to buy all of these .
he 'd love to live in the city .
i hope tom and mary aren 't watching us .
he stayed up all night .
the audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin .
i will come back next week .
tom didn 't seem to enjoy teaching french .
i thought mary said she didn 't know how to get here .
tom isn 't really a teacher .
sami stayed .
tom said that doing that has made him very happy .
well , lots of things are natural . <unk> is natural . <unk> are natural . hell , cancer is natural . just because it 's natural doesn 't mean it 's good .
tom must have worked very hard .
i don 't think tom really needed to do that again .
i therefore spent the day at my club , and did not return to <unk> street until evening .
i think both tom and mary have never been to australia .
i meant to ask you that question .
tom was crossing the street when he got hit by a truck .
i haven 't opened the box yet .
even someone as strong as you won 't be able to do that .
for example , we lack the <unk> " only with this group of words " .
friends are very important .
i might go to the movies .
i doubt that tom would ever go out with mary .
the radio next door gets on my <unk> .
i know that tom isn 't going to stop doing that anytime soon .
sami wants another one .
i don 't think that i could ever live in boston .
sami studies and works .
tom threw his girlfriend 's clothes in the fire .
tom is proud of his daughter .
your father is taking the whole thing as a <unk> .
she told me she had to do that .
how is the weather in your country ?
i still don 't wish to see the <unk> .
i hope you don 't get injured .
you must not say it .
tom has been pretty nice to us .
i hate everything about them .
sami and layla were very happy .
tom made no attempt to be friendly .
tom said he knew that he might need to do that by himself .
i enjoyed the concert .
i think tom has passed away .
if i had known the news , i would have told you .
tom and mary would be reluctant to do that .
you did what you had to do .
i knew that tom would regret doing that .
she was happy to be introduced to him at the party .
what 've you got for us ?
it 's quite clear that tom is going to be late .
no , don 't say anything ! it could go back to tom .
tom owes his success to his parents .
when she starts to cry , what shall i do with her ?
we 'll return to this later .
our house was built in 2013 .
why didn 't tom let you drive ?
sami heard that again .
sami says it all the time .
i want to leave school .
several things need to change .
none of us like tom .
mary 's first computer was given to her by her father .
i told you that i 'd changed my mind .
it was careless of him to make such a mistake .
you should have listened to tom more carefully .
i love you and always will love you .
this one 's free .
aren 't you the one who 's supposed to do that ?
tom says that you 've never been arrested .
i waited until 2 : 30 .
this is the very room that i first met my wife in .
i know that tom isn 't a history teacher . i think that he teaches science .
i don 't think that it would be <unk> to do that .
i 've already taken out the trash .
do you eat meat ?
once this process is started , we can get the result within one hour .
sorry - i didn 't do it on purpose .
when was it that you went to boston ?
what are tom and mary working on ?
tom asked me if i would be free tomorrow .
tom is surrounded by people .
whose umbrella did you use ?
if you had stayed here , you would have had a very good time .
tom and mary promised they 'd check on it .
tom used to often go to australia .
tom and mary regret telling john their telephone numbers .
sami 's flight is leaving at six .
you are aggressive .
i got tom to smile .
you would 've gotten away with doing that if tom hadn 't seen you .
he left his phone at home .
i give in .
we 're paying tom 's salary .
mary did only what she had to do .
you never can tell what kind of job you might find .
i don 't think tom knows what mary is trying to do .
i am studying at medical school .
boxes were everywhere .
i 'm pretty sure tom 's unhappy .
tom and mary said that they didn 't really know how to do that .
tom says he likes it here in australia .
can you manage to carry that heavy suitcase by yourself ?
this will never happen again . you have my word .
i only have one so far .
you 've got to talk to tom .
we got lost in the forest .
tom and mary are about the same size .
tom has come back home for christmas .
i didn 't think tom was correct .
tom says he doesn 't have time for <unk> .
mary cannot open the door .
i 've lived in here since 2013 .
a <unk> is not a pet , tom .
we don 't smoke , but be willing to sit and smoke .
tom thought that mary might not have to do that .
i cried out to you , hear my voice .
we made up our mind to come in any case .
how much sugar do you want ?
don 't you think it of no use worrying about what will happen tomorrow ?
sami wanted to have layla on his team .
i wanted to ask you a few questions .
mary said she 's prepared to help me .
tom and mary both waited all afternoon for john .
i wonder whether tom and mary are really finished .
it is said that he is a <unk> .
i didn 't have any friends in boston .
drink with me , tom .
mary can stay here as long as she wants to .
could i talk to you for a second ?
mary said she had quit doing that .
tom and mary said they thought john might not be required to do that by himself .
was he in the special forces ?
tom is bound to cry .
where did tom see that happen ?
every now and then they went shopping together .
the city is fifty miles above london .
i 'm sure that you can take care of yourselves .
we have some legal problems to work out .
i wasn 't early .
have you called them ?
tom couldn 't remember where he 'd first met mary .
i don 't think i need to tell tom mary wants him to do that .
tom likes oranges and eats around 3 or 4 of them per week .
tom and mary said that they had to go home early .
i can definitely do that better than you can .
the result is a <unk> search for food in a changing environment .
i found this restaurant by accident .
i should 've given you this sooner .
i 'm going to be too busy .
tom said he wasn 't injured .
is it in there ?
i want to improve my german .
tom wanted to leave , but he couldn 't .
tom let us know that he wanted to do that .
she has never seen it before .
they are a party of six .
i didn 't go shopping yesterday .
mary blamed tom for all her problems .
i 'm afraid that i 'm a bit out of shape .
tom will probably know what needs to be done .
should i tell tom to ask mary to do that ?
mary can 't go anywhere by herself .
what makes you think i have to do that , too ?
maybe we 'll see tom again in a few years .
i thought that tom had my back .
i like living in australia .
it has been almost 50 years since world war <unk> ended .
i will pay you the money tomorrow .
how long will this take ?
all of their <unk> got on the bus .
mary let me know that she wasn 't planning to do that .
how long does it take from here to your house ?
he gave the dog a piece of meat .
tom takes good care of the birds .
a car stopped at the entrance .
i 've been with tom all along .
we can try again later .
fadil became the <unk> man to divorce layla .
what you 're saying is perfectly <unk> , but i can 't shake off my <unk> .
it is necessary to know our enemies if we want to <unk> them .
tom said that he was finished .
tom told me he thought that mary would be able to do that .
they told me they 'd likely do that .
bill has come by a great deal of money .
the doctor told me that i would <unk> soon .
is it not pleasant to learn with a constant <unk> and application ?
tom shot one of the soldiers .
although this sentence has no <unk> mistakes , i think it would <unk> never be used .
father bought me some books .
he punished his son for lying .
the shop 's <unk> door is already shut .
he must be a good <unk> to have walked such a long distance .
tom didn 't like the concert very much .
when did you read them ?
tom said mary thought john might not want to do that .
tom said mary isn 't concerned .
the room was full of people .
it 's an easy way to make money .
i 'm not trying to make you feel bad .
i think that tom can help mary do that .
when was the last time you wore a dress ?
tom and mary didn 't have anything to talk about .
i hear my father was as old as i am now when he came up to tokyo .
tom didn 't want to wait for us , but he did .
oh no , i forgot my pills !
tom wanted to know if you 're free tonight .
tom and mary <unk> their bags over their shoulders .
sami has been having an affair with a woman at work .
i 'll make this up to you .
i did this for my son .
tom has been trying to get in shape .
we had a very good time at the party .
no one wants to go to australia with you .
tom said mary is annoyed .
i had a crush on you when we were in high school .
we can 't pull this off without tom .
our confidence is extremely high .
tom said that mary likes to do that .
i let myself get convinced by him .
tom told me that he would be here by 2 : 30 .
i knew tom wouldn 't be able to find a <unk> on such short notice .
sami never had a secretary .
i see a dog .
i think that tom will like it .
anyone can do that if they try .
i hope tom didn 't go to boston with mary .
why isn 't tom going to australia with us ?
put your camera away .
tom and mary aren 't going anywhere together .
tom was dangerous .
i have <unk> you , and now you have to work hard for me .
tom needs some help .
my nose is really <unk> , so i can 't smell anything coming from the kitchen .
tom will be here today .
some people will never understand why this should be done .
this is the hospital i was born in .
did tom and mary say why they weren 't coming ?
i think that tom won 't be cold .
did tom , by any chance , let mary drive the car ?
where do you plan to go fishing ?
i 'm such an idiot .
we 're already planning to leave early .
mary knew right away that something was wrong .
sami isn 't joking .
my father died a <unk> death last night .
mary thought tom would kiss her .
mary doesn 't know where she is .
i was here all day .
i don 't want to <unk> on them if they 're busy .
i bought a new hat for my sister .
i thought you said the police would never find us here .
mary said that tom looked like he was enjoying himself .
tom said he was still not very good at doing that .
i do my own taxes .
i was not surprised . indeed , my only wonder was that he had not already been <unk> upon this <unk> case , which was the one topic of conversation through the <unk> and <unk> of england .
i know that you don 't care what happens to me .
tom and mary have just done what they should 've done last week .
i wish tom were here to help us .
mary said she wouldn 't do that until monday .
sami just stared at everyone and didn 't say anything .
dan didn 't want to write about the incident in the local newspaper .
that 's not what i wanted to talk to you about .
tom didn 't seem to be very impressed .
he studies ten hours a day on average .
when do you work ?
tom is going to visit australia soon .
tom just kept quiet .
tom and mary are trying to figure out what they need to do .
i think the bus will arrive soon .
as soon as tom closed the front door behind him , he <unk> that his house keys were on the bench inside his apartment .
sami wanted to make it easier .
tom and mary are both correct .
i didn 't know tom didn 't want to do that with us .
i know what you are thinking .
who did tom and mary say was going to help them ?
tom and mary weren 't able to do anything .
i saw mary sitting in front of a mirror <unk> her hair .
tom told me that he thought mary was busy .
tom said that he didn 't think that you should ask mary to do that .
speak clearly and make yourself heard .
he said only one word : " <unk> ! "
tom and i started arguing .
<unk> , while he was in the <unk> 's entrance , looked at the nearby mountain <unk> in the strong smell of fresh leaves and went to climb the mountain as if <unk> by this smell .
my father is my biggest source of <unk> .
i was thinking the same thing .
mary is unable to have children .
i haven 't lived in australia very long .
i kept it a secret .
sami has heard that noise before .
don 't you want to hear about what i did last summer ?
i can 't talk about that .
is it necessary for me to attend the party ?
tom has decided that he 's going to try to escape .
i swear that i didn 't know tom would be there .
we didn 't do much today , did we ?
i thought tom could do that for mary .
we knew you 'd come .
you can stay as long as you like .
he <unk> me into giving him my money .
i haven 't heard a word from him as yet .
tom said mary was likely to be right .
do you really think tom will be here tomorrow ?
it 's right next door .
he 's got two cars .
i didn 't realize tom was so tired .
tom and mary said they told you .
they told me that they 'd call tomorrow .
i bought this car three years ago .
they 're not evil .
did you actually hug tom ?
tom moved to boston with his family .
tom and mary say they aren 't planning on going anymore .
it 's not far to boston .
just let her go .
have you ever seen anybody do that before ?
tom said that he isn 't angry .
tomorrow morning , i 'll wake up at 6 .
sami did not make it .
i liked this film .
tom is good at it , too .
sami remained in the apartment .
they aren 't as poor as they used to be .
sami sent layla thousands of messages <unk> facebook .
tom listened to the sound of the waves .
and she said she 's a true princess .
i 'm glad i came back .
sami will spend the rest of his life behind <unk> .
i haven 't seen any of his pictures .
tom wasn 't always this way .
may i visit you tomorrow ?
the situation hasn 't improved at all .
we were standing right over here .
we live in a free country .
i don 't think it 's up to us to decide .
i 've refused to do that .
tom knows mary is right .
mary will likely spend the rest of her life behind <unk> .
are you making this up ?
the results of the experiment have disappointed us very much .
i know that tom is a better <unk> this year than he was last year .
how 's married life going ?
did you know she is good at making coffee ?
i never knew him .
tom knew that mary wouldn 't give up .
i know i should 've gone to boston .
tom wouldn 't go to boston with mary .
tom will be out here in a minute .
tom said he would wait
i know that tom will want to do that by himself .
here 's a pen .
get tom .
the weather is bad , isn 't it ?
is it nearby ?
i didn 't know how to answer any of the questions on the test .
i knew tom wouldn 't do it properly .
tom is still waiting for mary to do that .
she didn 't say what she did .
mary is quite <unk> , isn 't she ?
tom is unemployed .
tom thought mary knew why he didn 't like her .
tom and mary didn 't take the medication their doctor told them to take .
it may be easy to do that .
can you lower your voice ?
get me something to eat , will you , tom ?
i had enough time , so i didn 't need to hurry .
tom parked his car behind the building .
when was the last time you left work early ?
tom and mary should probably tell john what they need to buy .
tom wanted me to drive .
i didn 't get to school in time .
i 've got a lot of friends in australia .
he denied he had stolen the money .
it blew my socks off .
i don 't have enough time to get everything done .
tom and mary admitted that they 'd been <unk> .
i don 't expect you to understand .
i didn 't talk to anybody .
he couldn 't do what he had to do .
a wife is expected to stand by her man .
tom and mary took turns .
it isn 't just tom 's fault .
you know that tom can 't do that very well .
they said they were ok .
that 's fine , but you 're <unk> something .
sami was from egypt and had a very heavy accent .
it 'll probably be dangerous to do that .
sami needs to put the sign where a lot of people can see it .
they said that they wanted to be early .
tom isn 't as <unk> as he used to be .
someone broke into my car .
i 'd like to have some time alone with tom .
tom has <unk> a lot of money to this hospital .
i own one german car .
you are wrong to say that we cannot move about in time .
he may well be proud of his bright son .
tell me where to put this .
sami wanted to become famous .
how fast can you walk over here ?
i 've never worked with him .
sami didn 't want to be alone completely .
i have just had a good idea .
get on the bus one by one .
i wish i could give you something , but i can 't .
they weren 't really enjoying themselves .
did you really mean to do that ?
i 've got to try to find them .
he always has a smile on his face .
sami 's life was in danger .
i lost my hat .
hello , i would like some fresh orange juice .
the only way out of here is the same way we came in .
somebody has to be responsible .
i 'm quite certain that that 's the truth .
sami knew he didn 't do anything wrong .
i don 't have a headache .
in spite of our <unk> , he decided to throw in the towel .
i 'm glad this is all over .
what are tom and i supposed to do now ?
mary said she isn 't tired .
tom didn 't respect the rules .
tom and mary spent three hours <unk> the plan .
you look very nice tonight .
on bad <unk> this little car really comes into its own .
tom shouldn 't have been here today .
it is necessary for you to work hard .
all 's fair in love and war .
you 've got two books ?
tom 's attitude has changed .
i 've spoken in french with tom many times .
are you getting me ?
it would be nice if you helped me a little .
tom doesn 't seem to be doing what he 's supposed to .
tom is not religious , nor does he believe in god .
she isn 't sure what to do , is she ?
tom and mary continued arguing .
you know you can 't do that here .
they 're here because they 're my friends .
fresh food is healthy .
tom doesn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seems to be .
i might need to stay in australia until october 20th .
am i going to australia to build <unk> ?
tom said it was mary who did that .
don 't be late for school again .
i 'm going to fix that .
we had a bad day .
seldom does he get angry .
she said she had nothing else to do .
don 't tell me you didn 't see it .
he seemed to be the <unk> of all who had been involved .
mary said that she wasn 't cold .
i don 't want anything to eat .
maybe i 'm in love with tom .
i must exact my revenge !
something very weird happened to tom .
i asked mary if she knew anybody who taught french .
tom thought no one knew what he was doing .
they say they 'd never do that .
you 're not that interesting .
tom was head over <unk> in love with mary .
he 's training his dog .
i 'd do that again if tom asked me to .
tom shouldn 't leave early again .
listen carefully to what i am going to tell you .
he 's not in the top grade as a musician .
i didn 't think you were in boston .
are you still working as a waiter ?
tom wasn 't the first person to get here today .
nobody has ever asked such a question before .
everybody looked fantastic today .
i saw tom on the beach this morning .
i still don 't know your name .
he died when he was thirty .
i won 't be able to carry tom across the bridge .
i had no idea tom was mary 's husband .
i just can 't do that anymore .
i don 't know how to begin .
tom hasn 't played tennis for a while .
tom doesn 't think that mary will ever come back to australia .
tom and mary are probably going to tell john they won 't do that again .
just pretend that it didn 't happen .
you know that tom can 't do that .
sami 's store is still open to this day .
layla wanted to give fadil the baby he had always <unk> for .
he was sitting between his parents .
we 're both moving to australia .
i 've been looking for a new job for a long time .
i like to give gifts .
tom and mary will probably tell john they don 't like him .
tom and i did that by ourselves last monday .
we slept on a very long bed .
sami is going back to work .
she said that she was going to win .
once in a while he tells strange things .
she plans to take part in the beauty contest .
tom said that he wouldn 't be gone long .
tom said that i looked miserable .
is she looking for something ?
i 'm for it .
i think that if you tried to do that , you could .
she admitted she was homesick .
i 'm the one with the car .
tom would have been angry .
in the light of this fact , it is clear that he is innocent .
i just told her we 're dating .
tom didn 't know mary wasn 't happy .
i didn 't know that you were in here .
there is no time to argue .
we 'll get into that in a minute .
tom wanted to meet mary 's family .
tom and mary are <unk> the same height as john .
settle down you two .
i told tom i wouldn 't do what he asked me to do .
you should have mr green correct your english <unk> .
he often stays up late at night .
tom is someone who keeps his promises .
please feel free to ask me any question .
we know that you lied to us the last time we spoke together .
tom read the document out loud .
tom went to boston for a family <unk> .
mary managed to do that by herself .
the suit becomes him .
the police searched tom 's truck .
he finally got ahead of the rest of class .
tom is quite drunk .
i cannot go up the stairs by myself . i 'm old and i need an elevator .
most women make much of fashion .
what can we do for him ?
tom knows that he shouldn 't have done that .
sami shouldn 't talk to those guys .
tom asked mary to call him as soon as she arrived in boston .
she has a headache .
you don 't look like tom .
how many people live in that house ?
my favorite color is blue .
why do we need to keep it secret ?
tom is scared of snakes .
maybe it wouldn 't be interesting to do that by yourself .
his company didn 't survive the crisis .
on the one hand , the place is cheap . on the other hand , it 's too hot .
my plan is still better than yours .
it 's not because things are difficult that we dare not <unk> . it 's because we dare not <unk> that they are difficult .
they know what they have done to me .
i 've been to a lot of <unk> .
tom used to be pretty good at tennis .
do you think tom wanted to do that ?
mary didn 't buy what she said she 'd buy .
ask tom whether he 'll come or not .
tom says he 's feeling very sleepy .
sami can 't say no to this .
tom and mary couldn 't attend the party because they were sick .
i doubt if tom will be hesitant to do that .
" i 'm sorry for these circumstances " has ended up becoming quite a polite expression these days , hasn 't it ?
i can 't contact tom .
tom is <unk> well to the new treatment .
who came here ?
" do you know tom ? " " no . "
i 'd say she is over forty .
sami doesn 't know who stole his car .
each one is responsible for his own actions .
he 's got a couple of <unk> loose .
you might get hurt if you do that that way .
we should let them rest .
it 's been a bad week for me .
there 's no doubt tom didn 't do that .
tom and mary said that they were wrong .
you aren 't a <unk> , are you ?
i wouldn 't have let tom drive if i 'd been you .
when we are in good health , we are <unk> to forget its value .
i 'm sorry i couldn 't buy that for you .
you 're the only one who understands how i feel .
tom didn 't think you were going to be able to do that .
i think his life is in danger .
don 't go against your father .
dan didn 't even fill in the form .
people of the world , how do you spend the last day of the old year ? here , on <unk> island , we met the new year a little earlier than you did .
i was glad to get it over with .
all the apples disappeared .
i thought tom would be interested in doing that .
my mother couldn 't stand the <unk> of the clock that she kept on the <unk> in our family home . since she could never prove who had done it , <unk> it up was a way for me to exact revenge .
i knew tom would be surprised if mary did that .
are they free on friday afternoon ?
you should 've done that with tom .
i remember the dream i had when i slept in your arms .
i don 't go out much anymore .
most of us don 't eat a <unk> diet .
i didn 't want to lose .
do you really think it would be interesting to do that ?
i have been to the post office .
don 't make me angry . you wouldn 't like me when i 'm angry .
sami killed everyone inside , including himself .
i think it 's best to take a break now .
you want to go out for a drink ?
mary told us she didn 't want us to do that .
neither tom nor mary needs to do that .
i haven 't found a job yet .
tom and mary are very devoted parents .
you don 't enjoy doing that anymore , do you ?
i don 't know who did that to tom .
tom is the one being punished .
where have you been until now ?
i suppose it might work .
i had one last hope .
sami changed jobs a lot .
sami is still mad .
she said she had the day off .
the only <unk> to the crime was fadil .
is it the case that you have done it ?
you two slept together . i know that .
tom doesn 't seem to be aware of what he needs to do .
i 'm looking for a book about <unk> spain .
layla can 't tell .
sami was trying to help them .
tom thought mary wouldn 't likely know what to do .
would you mind helping me ?
tom has slept .
i feel the need to do something different today .
i didn 't think that tom would be fired .
he can speak both english and french very well .
were you at home all morning ?
tom wants to build an <unk> and smart house .
tom is prepared , isn 't he ?
tom said he didn 't have the energy to do that today .
my parents and i live together .
if you really have free time , read a book . borrow one from the <unk> library .
tom said that he wanted to play golf with mary .
tom said he didn 't care about mary 's past even though he really did .
tom stopped talking .
i know who to call when i need help .
i put on my hat .
tom thinks mary is amazing .
you need to apologize to me .
slowly , the stars filled the sky .
we don 't know much about his personal life .
i wake up at six , but i don 't get out of bed until seven .
i hope i don 't need to do that .
tell me where tom is .
tom was beaten very badly .
tom has been hoping to win .
i think this is the first time tom and mary have done that without help .
i 've written to him .
let 's give tom a chance before we <unk> out .
tom and mary are both particular about what they eat .
the man is reading a book .
tom took his anger out on mary .
i almost never go swimming anymore .
nothing is wrong with you . it 's not your fault .
they let me sit next to them .
tom is excellent .
please make tom stop doing that .
tom said that mary didn 't need to do that again .
sami is going to regret it .
you don 't have to do that by yourself .
i don 't want to know either .
i know that tom isn 't afraid of mary 's dog .
tom lived next to a library .
who shot you ?
we can talk to him .
sami cried a lot of times .
i usually have breakfast at seven .
i want to know when you 're going to australia .
are you still studying french ?
did tom explain why he was angry ?
i <unk> a line when i was reading .
he won 't believe it .
where does she cook ?
you don 't need that .
tom was the first one here this morning .
i try to learn something new every day .
we won 't do it again .
it will probably snow tomorrow .
he said that he didn 't mind .
the picture painted by him is of great value .
no <unk> human being could possibly think this .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was <unk> .
i know you like what tom gave me .
i can 't find anyone to help me .
tom and mary think that they can prove it .
did anyone hear you ?
tom is dating a girl who 's three years younger than he is .
tom sat down at the kitchen table .
you don 't want to make me unhappy , do you ?
tom is very mad at mary , isn 't he ?
tom wouldn 't tell anyone what was wrong .
how should i change that ?
i need your wisdom more than ever .
i won 't forget tom .
i married her .
she told me she wasn 't sleepy yet .
we 're going to play basketball after school .
we should give that a try .
what proof is there ?
thanks for the thought .
let 's go out for dinner .
mary is a <unk> , isn 't she ?
we need a little time alone .
tom wanted the rest of the money that i <unk> him .
there was a <unk> of snow after the storm yesterday .
sami went shopping for school clothes .
how on earth did you know that tom would do that ?
sami 's dog was full of energy .
i didn 't come here for them .
she could 've won if she 'd wanted to .
tom and mary said that they 've been here before .
the paper wasn 't important .
they said they weren 't ready to go .
i was surprised that tom didn 't have to do the same thing i had to do .
i think tom could do that if he tried .
i 'd like to buy a refrigerator .
tom was lucky mary wasn 't there with him .
we rode a boat to the island .
tom and mary have lived in australia for three years .
mary is never going to find what she 's looking for .
you 're still a <unk> , aren 't you ?
tom and mary said that they 're only done that once .
no one loves war .
we tried to come up to the <unk> .
i think tom should be fired .
i traveled all around russia .
tom said he heard somebody screaming .
tom is getting across the river .
mary is pretty excited , isn 't she ?
tom said that he felt no pressure .
sami was getting ready for the winter break .
he is just a <unk> of the minister .
there are lots of people who wouldn 't do that .
tom and mary told me that they enjoy hanging out with john .
that 's not very far , is it ?
none of tom 's friends knew that tom was in the hospital .
tom told mary that he felt tired .
sami gave the check to layla .
take that one there .
i 've been listening to you .
i 'll save the world .
mary knows that she ought to do that .
eat some more of these soft french <unk> and drink some tea .
tom isn 't your brother .
tom said he was going to give it back .
tom should probably tell mary he 's sorry .
mary says she has a lot of friends .
tom and mary have been waiting for john to do that for them .
she thought she was dying .
you can 't create something you can 't imagine .
i couldn 't buy it .
i can 't come with him .
i 'm living proof you don 't have to be smart to be a politician .
does this have to be done now ?
she paid her bill .
tom called back .
tom was shot when he surprised the <unk> .
it won 't be as dangerous to do that as you think .
he 's broken his arm .
i 've actually been through a similar situation .
tom has returned home to australia .
tom already knows you want to talk to him .
i almost caught tom .
this sun is wonderful , isn 't it ?
tom and mary both know who you are .
tom found out what mary did .
i thought that we had agreed that you would study harder .
mary says she thinks it isn 't possible .
maria said to herself , " i am very lucky . "
we have a really good cook .
the house is on fire .
she took a <unk> trip to europe with her friends .
tom thinks that mary will be reluctant to do that .
i can 't make out what you 're saying .
tell me the whole story and start from the beginning .
tom eats fish at least once a week .
i know tom is a little worried about what might happen .
mary is average looking .
let me know if there 's anything i can do .
tom says he knows that mary can 't swim .
we may as well begin without tom .
if you don 't want to give a speech , you don 't have to .
tom told me that he thought mary would be <unk> .
could you go and see if tom and mary are ok ?
mary will tell you when she feels like it .
sami can 't help you anymore .
tom stared directly into mary 's eyes .
tom might <unk> to death if we don 't get him to a hospital soon .
we are singing .
i didn 't know that i was doing that wrong .
he sat and listened to the radio .
i never learned how to swim .
tom needs to be aware of the <unk> .
we won 't leave until after dark .
this is the first airplane to land at the new airport .
he told me about the change in the plan .
mary said that she wasn 't very surprised .
i 'm going to use your phone .
sami ran into the bathroom .
i 've waited for this too long .
i don 't know how much it 's going to cost .
i wasn 't staring .
did you remember to tell tom and mary what i asked you to tell them ?
i didn 't drink the tea , because it was hot .
she 's working on it .
he carried his grandfather on his back .
please show me what to do next .
i don 't think tom knows anybody who can do that .
raining hard .
it must have been an accident .
tom isn 't family .
nothing is more difficult than having something and then losing it .
both tom and mary have dark hair .
think of all the money you 'd have made if you 'd taken it just a bit more seriously .
mary should probably not tell tom that she doesn 't know how to do that .
the bathroom window is open .
do you think tom would actually help me ?
i don 't treat you like enemies .
mary said she 'd rather not go to boston with us .
" certainly if someone is <unk> that <unk> beautiful you 'd draw back from <unk> her . " " thought you 'd agree . "
i 'll call you every night .
you won 't allowed to do that anywhere .
are you guys from <unk> , or is it australia ?
you 're the one who told tom to do that .
half of the apples tom gave me were <unk> .
tom and mary said that they 're broke .
i 'm not sure that that 's a good thing .
this kind of weather isn 't unusual for boston .
why does everyone like her so much ?
tom ate the <unk> right out of the pot .
our house stands by the road .
sami has to tell layla this story .
i paid a lot of money for these tickets .
money comes and goes .
i want to leave a mark .
i think i can help .
we haven 't seen tom in a long time .
she 's very happy with her new life .
tom still isn 't totally persuaded .
you know best .
get in your places .
i didn 't tell tom anything about this .
sami was playing loud music .
tom is the head coach .
tom 's mother told him that it was bad manners to <unk> with his mouth open .
i know that i might not have to do that anymore .
i bought this book yesterday .
if only he would marry me !
i think tom won 't want to go to australia with me .
i 'm likely going to find some way to do that .
i can 't imagine tom doing that .
why does that <unk> sit on her eggs ?
tom said that it was too early to go home .
tom didn 't seem very concerned .
why doesn 't anybody answer ?
they were able to do it on their own .
sami didn 't know who that person was .
her manners were anything but pleasant .
the trains weren 't running due to the <unk> .
tom isn 't a fool .
where were you when the fire broke out ?
i didn 't need to come here today , but i came anyway .
it was hard for tom to get his homework done on time .
i don 't do much study ahead for the english classes .
some children are swimming in the river .
she immediately went to the kitchen .
she isn 't sure why she 's here .
you probably know about what tom did .
is she fluent in berber ?
a house built of wood is more easily <unk> than a house of stone .
it won 't be any fun unless tom does that with us .
you 've been working too much .
you said you 'd help me do that .
i 'd never hit tom .
none of us plan on staying here much longer .
it is hard to win four <unk> games .
do you have another pen ?
tom and mary are in the living room .
i don 't want to be involved with anyone anymore .
do not give up and keep writing .
tom got very talkative .
mom didn 't look calm enough .
tom 's computer crashed .
sami needs to quit smoking .
i can 't let you out of my sight .
it 's been three weeks since tom has been here .
give us the gun .
try doing that if you aren 't afraid to .
you 'll do that as soon as you can , won 't you ?
she looked for her friends but found none .
all i need is three more days .
i shouldn 't have advised you to do that .
tom is probably going to be retired by this time next year .
you 're so smart , <unk> . you know everything .
would anyone like another piece of cake ?
tom says he won 't have to do that today .
i suggest we first find out if tom is interested in the job .
are you still having chest pain ?
tom wanted mary to help .
where are your children ?
she must have once been a real beauty .
tom helped us save a lot of money .
tom met mary in the library .
mary found out about it on her own .
tom seemed to want to do that .
no one knew that you were in australia .
i 've never heard such a thing .
tom and mary didn 't have to come if they didn 't want to .
i don 't think that it makes a huge difference .
as the road was wet , the car must have slipped <unk> .
i think tom played very well .
run faster , or you won 't be able to catch the train .
they covered their faces with their hands .
tom said that he wanted to hear the truth .
i knew that tom wouldn 't likely do that .
tom didn 't take the medication .
layla started wearing the hijab towards the end of her <unk> year .
tom wasn 't polite .
i can 't believe we ate all that .
i didn 't do everything tom says i did .
don 't leave the front door open .
i 'll be here in the morning if anyone needs me .
tom and mary say they spoke french last week .
i 've never fallen in love with anybody .
sami is not going to attend <unk> with layla .
the police were able to find the criminal .
sami didn 't like me that much .
mary said she didn 't feel like eating .
tom and i were alone .
they 're not as <unk> as they used to be .
sami went down the street .
i didn 't want tom to get a <unk> .
i didn 't want things end like this .
i always have trouble sleeping the night before a big concert .
i decided to visit the united states on this account .
don 't forget to tell tom to do that today .
the blind young man has got over his <unk> .
i asked mary what she was doing .
sami shouldn 't pay for it .
when you see tom and mary , please give this to them .
i didn 't study for the test .
mary hasn 't told me why she didn 't do that .
don 't hang out with them .
tom is fighting mad .
one of tom 's fingers was broken .
this is the first time i 've <unk> in a lake .
could you play cards at your high school ?
it is a hall rather than a room .
you missed your ten o 'clock appointment .
there are a lot of <unk> in the lawn .
i 'm glad to hear you 're better .
how i long for a sight of my native land !
i 'd like you to tell tom not to be late .
i know that tom is a lot smarter than mary .
i wasn 't able to defend myself .
i don 't need a rope to do this job .
if you act like a child , you will be treated as such .
tell me the reason why you were late for school .
tell me the reason why tom was fired .
it does not matter .
how can you trust her ?
women don 't drive as well as men .
she looked for her pen .
tom was able to find mary 's house without any problem .
it 's clear that he 's rich .
tom said he thought that it would be better if i didn 't do that .
" should i call him ? " " yes , i do think you should call him . "
tom and mary ran off to boston and got married after knowing each other for only a few weeks .
perhaps tom could talk mary into doing that .
tom says he doesn 't care whether mary stays or not .
why was tom told to do that ?
tom quit smoking cold turkey .
i don 't want to do anything that would upset tom .
we just found ourselves in here .
how can you say such nonsense ?
yesterday , mary gave me a book with a blue cover .
her long <unk> hair blew in the wind .
tom and mary say that they 've never been arrested .
i couldn 't rent a car .
it seems that tom and mary have already done that .
<unk> 's really the land of milk and honey .
mary went by herself .
tom is different from his brother .
tom does that quickly .
she said that her mother hated her .
he <unk> all of his hopes of getting into first place .
tom told me he first met mary in australia when he was a teenager .
i don 't have everything i want .
sami didn 't live anywhere near that school .
you have <unk> that needs to be done .
what do they have in mind ?
when do you leave for boston ?
he didn 't drink the milk .
where did he buy these eggs ?
boys are noisy and rude to girls .
i thought that i told you to <unk> your beard .
the cat ruined my evening .
sami liked reading a lot .
i wonder whether tom will go to boston or not .
he blew in the <unk> and created a beautiful sound .
you need to start doing that .
i don 't feel safe here .
in the first place they must have some dinner .
tom said that he didn 't remember where he 'd parked the car .
we had a lot of rain yesterday .
tom is excited because today 's his first day of school .
study english every day .
don 't get <unk> up with those people .
i see you haven 't lost your touch .
tom 's hands are clean , but mary 's aren 't .
i 'm sorry . i must have <unk> off .
sorry to have kept you waiting so long .
tom still might do that .
don 't take it personally , tom .
in the near <unk> of space , there is no air or <unk> temperature , since there is no air .
tom turned around to see if he was being followed .
there was nothing secret about it .
tom doesn 't believe mary would do that .
sami was at risk .
it 's going to be <unk> tomorrow morning .
i was surprised when tom didn 't thank me for the gift .
each thing at its time .
they said they didn 't want to argue .
he 's really cute , and so i like working with him .
education starts at home .
tom can 't seem to get rid of his <unk> cold .
was it a joke ?
tom persuaded mary not to do that .
i 've read tom 's <unk> . have you read them , too ?
nobody will force you to do that .
tom told me he doesn 't know what he should do .
are you sure tom will come back ?
i want to know what time you 're planning to do that .
i know tom will let you do that .
it looks like tom doesn 't like you very much .
whenever the boss is around , he <unk> to be busy .
he spoke to his uncle on the phone .
tom got off his bicycle .
i 'm an assistant .
i 'm hoping you 'll do that for me .
sami called layla and she didn 't answer .
tom told everybody that he didn 't have to do that .
italian was the only foreign language that dan knew .
tom is a science teacher .
the security team checked the car for <unk> .
my life is far from perfect .
i have yet to find a perfect husband .
those who cannot remember the past are <unk> to repeat it .
those who learn english cannot do without english <unk> .
he said that he felt frustrated .
tom really liked mary .
while islam remains not <unk> , we neither can nor want to accept it in europe .
tom thanked the kind old man .
we don 't have to worry about that anymore .
you 're moving too fast for me .
i 'd like an <unk> word with you .
they could do it if they wanted to .
what actually happened is a bit different from what you said .
i don 't think that tom knows how to tie his shoes yet .
would i be able to do it ?
this is a personal matter .
you should be very happy .
the pen is white .
sami needs to watch out for layla .
tom and mary cried as they walked home .
when will we meet ?
i don 't know who it is .
the baby is growing .
did you know that tom isn 't canadian ?
i 'm fed up with your constant complaining .
tom doesn 't know why mary is absent .
she 'll be surprised , won 't she ?
i 'm very grateful for what you 've done for me and my family .
i know tom didn 't know you didn 't need to do that .
i 'm not paid to do that .
let 's hope it 's the same in australia .
he said that he did that in 2013 .
tom said he had eaten nothing , but that wasn 't true .
tom was a good friend , and i 'll miss him .
tom is only here about three hours a day .
i 've found them .
that 's a strange question .
he said that he was very rich .
don 't waste your money by buying things you don 't need .
i know what it 's about .
your secret is safe with us .
after eating supper , i washed the dishes .
mary told tom that she was scared .
i suppose you love him .
mary said it didn 't bother her .
he wanted you to think he 'd died .
at that time , i didn 't yet know whether tom would go camping with us or not .
tom said that he was determined to do that for us .
sami has just moved in .
i don 't like tom at all .
when i give the word , start the machine .
tom says he wants to get a driver 's license .
mary is probably going to tell tom she wants to do that .
tom invited me to stay a couple of weeks at his place in boston .
as a result of pollution , the lake is without any form of life .
tom and mary are really happy .
tom said that i didn 't look very healthy .
tom has a good brain .
sami came up to layla and put his arms around her .
i take a hot bath every night before bed .
wait , what ? that doesn 't make any sense !
tom didn 't tell anybody he had thought about doing that .
mary said she wondered why tom did that .
tom got what he wanted .
tom will buy something .
ask tom and mary if they 've sold their house yet .
i intend to make boston my new home .
i 've always lived on park street .
you do know that i can 't do that , don 't you ?
let 's see how tom and mary are doing .
sami told layla what exactly happened .
i think it 's highly unlikely that tom will ever face criminal charges .
tom is pretty conservative .
she brought her daughter to work .
tom was fed up with waiting for mary .
who did tom say was going to help him ?
the city isn 't the one i left six years ago .
tom and mary told john that they were going to show him some old pictures .
if you would like to speak to a customer service <unk> , please press three .
i think tom and mary are still <unk> .
tom almost died tonight .
i 've been depressed .
she wouldn 't let us help her .
she may not come .
sami started changing things .
i know that tom is almost as tall as mary .
for sale : baby shoes , never used .
tom heard someone calling him .
tom walked up to one of the houses and knocked the door .
did you kiss mary ?
tickets are required at the door .
there aren 't enough <unk> in this country .
tom takes piano lessons three times a week .
you 'll never see me again .
this is good stuff !
we have no reason to be angry .
i wouldn 't like to be a <unk> because i 'm afraid of water .
every day we use many things which <unk> invented .
tom has already made his decision .
i 'll bring you some food .
i only look like tom . i 'm not tom .
who 'll do that tomorrow , i wonder .
things might have turned out better if you hadn 't gone there .
tom and mary aren 't dead , are they ?
i need to see tom now .
people don 't smoke here .
i know tom doesn 't plan on doing that this week .
sami didn 't want to <unk> layla 's ass .
this garden is open to the public .
tom looks nice .
i wanted to stay in boston a couple of extra days .
they 've all left .
mary stuck out her tongue .
tom is moving to boston next week .
both tom and i covered our eyes .
there 's a very good chance it 'll rain tomorrow .
tom is going to be able to solve the problem , i think .
i think tom doesn 't like to ski .
sami was happy to make layla an honest woman .
tom said that mary wasn 't strong .
i wasn 't able to do that last year , but i can now .
have you been happy here in boston ?
the <unk> lost the match , to our great surprise .
when do you have to do that ?
tom said i had to come to australia .
mary told me that she can see ghosts .
it 'll be finished by the time you get here .
can i close the door ?
this orange is from our tree .
does tom really have to do that today ?
i 'm sorry . there must be some mistake . i didn 't order pizza .
<unk> would fit within brazil 3 times with room to spare .
tom threw his dirty socks on the <unk> of clothes in the corner of his room .
mary has her own life to live .
" when do you swim ? " " i swim in july . "
are you sisters ?
tom and mary said that they needed the money .
a bank is a place that will lend you money , if you can prove that you don t need it .
tom is but a child .
she was very aggressive , wasn 't she ?
they cleaned the house by themselves .
tom said what he intended to say .
this is extremely hard for us .
what has she against me ?
i can 't take this pain any longer .
would you like to wait in the bar ?
this is the way i solved the problem .
fadil was intoxicated .
sami has been through a lot of <unk> .
i 've been trying to find a way to reach tom , but i can 't .
i 'll be waiting for you at the usual place .
do you think i 'm funny ?
you 'd like to help , wouldn 't you ?
these are hard to make .
let 's talk to mary and find out what she thinks .
tom correctly answered the question .
she is always annoying me with her <unk> .
the <unk> of nations did not make for peace .
tom isn 't cool , but mary is .
you should probably do that today .
you 're on schedule .
i cannot <unk> going out in this weather .
the meeting seemed to go well .
i wonder if tom really did that alone .
i should hope so .
tom 's kids graduated from public schools .
you don 't even know who i am , do you ?
can you make yourselves understood in english ?
i saw her today .
i don 't think mary knows what she has to do .
tom was puzzled .
i dropped the plate accidentally .
mary has a good voice , doesn 't she ?
i haven 't yet told anybody what i found .
tom is going to go to college .
i 'm much happier wasting time looking at a handsome woman than a pretty one .
i didn 't talk tom into doing anything he didn 't already want to do .
it looks a lot worse than it really is .
mary told me why she didn 't like tom .
i am going to speed up the video .
tom is very <unk> , isn 't he ?
tom asked us to be silent .
computer games are not good for one 's health .
it all went according to plan .
we met at the christmas party last year .
it 's impossible to make a <unk> call with this phone .
they bought themselves a new truck .
i have no problem making money .
the <unk> is gone , but the smell remains .
thanks to your help , tom and i were able to finish early .
sami doesn 't need extra work .
take your time
i understand now .
they thought that they needed to do that .
tom didn 't tell anybody that he had thought about doing that .
can i call you a cab ?
they need to buy themselves some time .
the task will be <unk> in a year .
christmas is here .
sami was living in egypt .
layla did a lot of <unk> around the neighborhood .
i 'll know better next time .
i thought it was pretty scary .
tom seemed tired .
for some reason it looks to be turning out to be a <unk> week .
tom and mary swore that they 'd never hit me again .
young man , enjoy yourself while you are young !
<unk> comes to visit me every now and then .
tom said it was his first traffic accident .
the book , this time , is available .
if the boy gets sleepy , don 't leave him in front of the television . take him to bed early and read him a story .
tom said that he was really worried about mary .
the sky is likely to clear up .
that 's what they were planning .
layla escaped the crime scene .
turn down the radio .
you haven 't said yet where you live .
tom realized he was the only person who could rescue mary .
tom knew i was hungry .
let 's play it by ear .
tom didn 't understand what he was supposed to do .
i think that tom might not want to do that .
i work as a teacher .
maybe we should talk to him .
don 't come too late to work .
we 'll find out .
i can 't pay for it today .
christmas has always been a wonderful time for me .
nothing is worse than war .
i didn 't hear her coming .
she was a prison guard for ten years .
i 'm not laughing .
i know tom did it on purpose .
it has to be <unk> while it 's cooking .
thank you for coming by .
they didn 't even know how to write their own names .
has anybody ever thought of this ?
tom took mary somewhere special on her birthday .
would you go to boston if you had the chance to ?
this time , you won 't avoid your <unk> .
i hope he doesn 't notice .
you don 't seem to be amused by what 's going on .
i 've been to australia three times .
tom wasn 't hurt , but mary was .
i often buy bread from the <unk> next to the post office .
he could 've fallen to his death .
tom and mary both know that that 's not likely to happen .
tom thinks that it 's funny .
he knew that he 'd have to do that .
i must find some new friends .
i met one of my friends on my way home .
why do they need my permission ?
tom said he didn 't know where mary wanted to do that .
let us know if we have your support .
maybe tom will know what to do
tom and mary loved each other .
tom and mary and their children all live together in a small house on the <unk> of boston .
tom and mary said they didn 't have a driver 's <unk> yet .
do you come from another planet ?
tom is still confident .
i had a bad cold for a week .
tom thought that was a good idea .
mary admitted she 'd lied .
don 't forget what you need .
i already tried that .
tom and mary told john they wouldn 't do that today .
would you mind waiting in the lobby ?
they are .
why do you always try to <unk> women ? do you feel guilty ?
tom said that he didn 't see anything out of the ordinary .
i don 't think i could spend six hours alone with you .
i 'm not going to pretend i know how to do that .
i don 't think i can stop tom from leaving .
i don 't think tom and mary would be absent if they weren 't sick .
tom and mary told me they 'd be ready soon .
tom didn 't let me finish what i was saying .
i 've got a plane to catch .
he 's really sensitive to heat and i 'm sensitive to the cold . what should we do about our bedroom ?
it 's now really the time to go to sleep .
i know tom is afraid of mary .
george <unk> bush was the worst president in american history .
you can 't back out of your <unk> .
you must be just to them .
the son must obey the father .
tom says mary is sleepy .
the main square is just next door .
sami runs the restaurant .
tom and mary are the only ones here from boston .
i worried about it a little .
tom already has a new girlfriend .
tom and mary are now cleaning up the area .
tom doesn 't dress like everybody else .
it was an incredible game .
where did mary live when she was a kid ?
mary is lucky to be alive , isn 't she ?
did tom change anything ?
i take a walk almost every morning before breakfast .
we just met today .
we 'll go to boston and chicago .
fadil is married to a woman called <unk> .
sami moved back into town to live with his mother .
no one can say that .
a few weeks later , tom was dead .
i wonder whether tom knows mary can 't do that .
i was rather drunk .
i wonder why tom wanted me to do that .
it was here that tom died .
let the technology do most of the work .
what would you like to learn ?
he and i are almost the same height .
tom is an old boyfriend of mary 's .
tom regrets telling mary his telephone number .
i really miss my wife .
don 't be such a <unk> . a short temper will cost you .
would you like another cat ?
i 'm waiting for an explanation .
as she wanted to ask a question , she raised her hand .
she is famous as an actress .
i 'll make sure that doesn 't happen again .
tom got some water from the well .
sami wanted to meet me in person .
tom hasn 't been around lately .
i 'm doing a <unk> of the city .
i have to hand it to tom .
i don 't know if i want to ever do that again .
why would i need gloves ?
mary didn 't know she didn 't have enough time to do what needed to be done .
i can 't tell you why she was absent from school .
tom won 't be able to do that today .
i was afraid to check .
tom spent the night at a hotel on park street .
thank you for finding out what happened .
she insisted on going there .
i wonder if tom and mary have left .
tom hasn 't played the piano in years .
the restaurant we went to yesterday was expensive .
i 'll try to persuade tom to sing .
she wouldn 't speak to him .
tom was mary 's first french teacher .
how much do you spend eating out ?
sami was interested in writing a book about layla 's story .
tell tom that i 'm waiting for him at home .
tom should 've done that sooner .
this table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room .
you won 't believe how popular tom has become .
it doesn 't work so well because the <unk> is low .
i never would have let tom drive .
i didn 't think tom could win .
why don 't you just forget it ?
i thought that tom would find it interesting .
you can relax now . it 's over .
you 've got a bit of a fever today , don 't you ?
you smell like a wet dog .
is that all you have to say for yourself ?
i think tom and mary were finished doing that by 2 : 30 .
i think i 'm doing something wrong .
tom took care of mary 's dog while she was out of town .
i didn 't think tom would be so <unk> .
please correct my bill .
sami brought his dog .
tom and mary asked me to tell you they didn 't plan on going to boston with you .
i often take a nap at about 2 : 30 .
he 's washing his hands .
where do you think tom and mary want to do that ?
you could do that today if you wanted to .
i talked to tom about that .
all the women thought tom and john were really handsome .
tom said he wished he hadn 't forgotten to study for today 's french test .
mary could buy what she needed .
you don 't want to know what happened to him .
before this , i worked as a cab driver .
mary isn 't so successful , is she ?
don 't go without us .
they said that they knew you wouldn 't win .
he 's very good with his hands .
tom went to the bank to <unk> the money he 'd been given .
you can 't drive . you 've been drinking .
i thought that you might ask that .
you should have visited boston .
tom said he thought he might be required to do that by himself .
i am sitting here .
it looks really hard !
she made breakfast .
they were all over each other .
sami claimed to be interested in layla herself .
tom said that doing that was never an <unk> .
tom and i were both a little confused .
it 's not like tom was rushed .
i <unk> into tom from time to time .
they hoped that they 'd be able to win .
the reasons that he gave are difficult to <unk> .
man does not live by bread alone .
tom isn 't as confident as i am .
there are three intelligent species on the planet .
then they took each other by the hand , and went forth from the great <unk> of ice .
i have to go inside and do my homework .
i persuaded her to <unk> for me in that job .
i really enjoy your company .
we got off on the wrong foot .
we all have families .
he doesn 't still do that , does he ?
tom understands mary .
were all your children born in boston ?
tom left before mary arrived .
green plants can make their own food .
" now , when you <unk> the <unk> <unk> explosion last month , could you not have gone down and helped those people , in spite of the <unk> ? " " i did . " " you never said so . " " there was nothing worth <unk> about . "
can you move your ears ?
who will protect me while you are away ?
can you drive me to school ?
tom decided he was too old for rock climbing .
you 'd better hurry or you 'll miss the bus .
what did tom mean by that ?
the car doesn 't start .
it seems like you 're looking for something ...
do you think tom and mary are going to win ?
he knows that i 'm older than he is .
you can learn new <unk> as you progress through the game .
tom talks to just about everyone he <unk> on the road .
she 's supposed to be on <unk> leave .
tom doesn 't speak much , but when he does , everybody <unk> .
let us know how we can help you .
tom got on a bus bound for boston .
do you and tom spend a lot of time together ?
what is going on there now ?
tom has better things to do with his time .
tom goes there whenever he has a chance .
we don 't want anyone to find us here .
let me have a word with tom .
i don 't think anyone saw us doing that .
he cannot have told a lie .
how 'd you like to go to australia with us ?
i don 't want to be friends with him .
" what 's this ? " " open it . "
sami couldn 't even think .
please give an example .
for this request , please choose ' accept ' or ' <unk> ' from the waiting list .
i love this company .
tom doesn 't need my permission to do that .
maybe your problem is that you don 't know what to do .
our children are already grown up .
sami turned the opposite way .
i think the book tom is reading must be interesting .
sami took layla 's <unk> out of her hand .
mary wiped away her tears .
when 'll we know how tom is ?
he was so interested that he gave it his attention .
sami didn 't understand it that way .
has tom ever threatened you ?
i know i 'm not supposed to do that by myself .
i know that tom is a lazy kid .
i feel like visiting boston .
tom said that he thought that mary was interested .
they said that they were a bit tired .
tom probably never knew what hit him .
i don 't think tom knows either of mary 's sisters .
we really felt comfortable .
mary told me she was sick of doing that .
at this factory , they <unk> a car every ten minutes .
he is absent on business in osaka .
he said he 's discouraged .
tom is going to be back in boston tomorrow night .
tom pretended that he didn 't know the answer .
tom would have been unable to do that without mary 's help .
tom and mary like me more than they like you .
do you think that was funny ?
my hearing isn 't as good as it used to be .
his political career has ended .
can you come work for us ?
what a long week !
didn 't tom promise that he wouldn 't do that ?
this is why i didn 't want to make an <unk> .
i 'll take care of this .
if tom calls , wake me up .
they made sure nobody could see them .
i wouldn 't have let tom and mary do that .
tom may even need to do that again .
i wonder whether tom is annoyed or not .
tom , mary , john and alice all made the same mistake .
they said they wanted a picture of me .
on <unk> , i get up later than usual .
you 're supposed to do that yourselves , aren 't you ?
mary says she doesn 't like boston .
tom hopes he can to stay in boston until next october .
i 'll do what i 've <unk> do .
tom said he tries to be optimistic .
may i speak to you ?
there are many places to see in kyoto .
you 've got to be some special kind of crazy to like this <unk> .
tom might 've waited longer if you 'd called him .
mom ! hurry !
tom was confident .
she sings very well .
tom wasn 't the first one who said he 'd like to do that .
mary 's husband would probably leave her if he knew the truth .
that 's more or less what i expected to happen .
you said some nice things about me .
will you still drink water ?
i had to deal with tom .
let 's talk about australia .
how about your mom . is she feeling better ?
your speech was interesting .
tom promised mary he wouldn 't ever leave her .
if there seems to be more to something than <unk> the eye , there probably is .
tom seemed smart .
everyone i know has been there .
i wish that tom would go home .
human beings <unk> from other animals in that they have reason .
mary doesn 't like it when tom leaves the toilet seat up .
i 'm scared tom is going to kill me .
mary said she wasn 't a good french speaker .
i know tom could 've done that faster by himself .
they said they didn 't study french .
too much light hurts the eye .
tom is taller than all the other boys in his class .
tom has already decided that he isn 't going to go to boston next summer .
tom invited me to a party at his house .
i didn 't think anybody else had noticed .
i thought you said you wanted tom to do that with you .
i had my leg hurt while playing football .
tom went camping with one of his friends .
i know exactly what tom and mary are going to say .
tom is terrible at math .
tom didn 't get hurt .
what happened to you yesterday ?
he advised us against doing it .
i gave him some money .
i wish you all the best .
i didn 't say i persuaded her .
i 'm off to work .
tom has never done that to me .
can you guess what tom told us to do ?
tom still doesn 't realize that mary hates him .
tom and i do a lot together .
the bill passed by a small majority of 10 <unk> .
tom and mary will explain it to you when they come back .
this city 's in need of a <unk> .
do you really think it 's possible ?
he told me he felt fine .
i was supposed to do the dishes . my mother will skin me alive .
some people say boston is a dangerous city .
tom told me he was going to win .
let 's set up a sign here .
how long have you been in this town ?
i understand that you are a student here .
i 'm popular .
tom has just finished writing a letter to mary .
i doubt very seriously that tom will be curious .
he is as <unk> a person as ever lived .
he said he felt like giving up .
my mother tells me i have to go to bed by ten o 'clock on school <unk> .
the sky today is blue , without a <unk> .
it 'll be impossible for you to do that .
i 'm afraid that i can 't let you drive .
at the present time , he 's in boston .
i 'd advise you to not eat that .
tom and mary have kissed each other more than once .
tom and mary didn 't know that they were supposed to do that yesterday .
i wish i 'd visited tom .
sami would die if he doesn 't talk to layla .
he 's out of town .
we 'll see each other at 5 in front of the <unk> .
tom and mary said they don 't do that anymore .
losing the job she loved so much was a severe blow for mary .
tom is anxious to know the result .
tom wished that he knew mary 's telephone number .
open the door , please , will you ?
they told me they were doctors .
you swore you 'd do that .
who 'd want to kill me ?
you need to slow down .
i did everything i could , but i had to give up .
he told me he was fine .
tom and mary frequently study together .
would you mind watching my kids for a minute ?
tom told me he wasn 't afraid .
i didn 't give tom the money he asked for .
may i ask you what your name is ?
i don 't think many people can say they 're satisfied with their salary .
tom said that i didn 't sound entirely convinced .
he came back two days later .
it didn 't happen all at once .
you 're a little weird .
i 'll run it by tom .
tom and mary told me that they needed some cash .
stand up when your name is called .
she slipped into her clothes .
tom worked around the clock .
mary is still in a bad mood , isn 't she ?
open your window .
you must be really tired and hungry .
she had black hair and dark eyes .
the only reason tom wants to marry you is so he can get a <unk> .
i think you 're going to like being here .
now you 've gone too far .
tom probably won 't come back tomorrow .
as <unk> as it sounds , i love my husband more each day .
the birds outside are singing .
the book you brought isn 't mine .
i see him in the library now and then .
how do we stop it from happening again ?
having put his room in order , he went out .
tom asked me if mary could borrow my umbrella .
tom and mary won 't likely tell john why they enjoyed doing that .
i can 't listen to stupid people .
she saw the fruit in the garden <unk> , and then gathered ; she saw the snow <unk> on the <unk> , but she never saw the prince .
tom realized he wouldn 't be able to do that .
tom lost his money , his family and his friends .
i know you don 't often do that anymore .
he told me he needed my help .
we 're in the process of doing that right now .
she always <unk> of being a good swimmer .
i 'm afraid it 's going to take a bit more money .
the <unk> may not be perfect but it 's the best system we have .
if it is free , please send me a copy .
tom said he hopes that you won 't do that by yourself .
mary said she 'd do that , too .
would that i were young again .
i was a little surprised by how well tom could speak french .
tom said that he wanted to get out of town for a while .
she had gone to bed .
i saw a squirrel this morning .
my parents always <unk> me to my older sister .
it isn 't an easy task .
i guess that that isn 't really important .
yes . no . maybe . i don 't know .
tom and mary are playing in the park .
will you turn on the television ?
tom seems to be in a hurry to do that .
things have been good .
i was having my lunch , when the phone rang .
i 'm not sure about that .
tom said he 'd help us if we want him to .
tom said that mary knew that he might be permitted to do that by himself .
i know how to ski .
i 'll pick you up around 2 : 30 .
" is it the first time that you 've been here ? " " yes , it 's my first visit . "
i 'm getting tired of doing that .
tom can 't go right now .
tom said he thought i was being too noisy .
we never actually met .
i want you to work for me .
tom and mary say they aren 't enjoying themselves .
i didn 't dare tell anyone .
they wanted something better .
he is the only person for the job .
tom says he doesn 't ever want to do that again .
tom and mary said they were really angry .
sami invited layla to come and live in cairo .
tom waited for three hours , but nobody came to pick him up .
sami is gonna pay for it a very high price .
they know how hell looks like .
i am a few days away from <unk> .
tom and mary didn 't seem surprised when i told them i didn 't want to do that .
she lost her balance and fell .
tom said that mary was ambitious .
i don 't know if it 's what he wants or not .
that 's what we 're talking about .
tom is serious about that .
how hard are they to get rid of ?
" i can <unk> without looking in a mirror ! " " that 's good , but do not stand over my <unk> carpet . you 're <unk> ! "
tom doesn 't have to get up early tomorrow .
what do you recommend ?
i shouldn 't have gone out after dark by myself .
i 've already talked to tom .
i won 't be here that long .
the day was bright , nor were there clouds above .
come in , it 's cold outside .
i don 't think tom could do that .
she promised she won 't do that today .
i just bought this yesterday and it doesn 't work .
tom and mary asked john if he 'd teach their son french .
you 're no match for him .
don 't you want to try it ?
mary looked like she hadn 't slept in weeks .
i know tom is reluctant to do that .
the meat is tough .
tom and mary are still confident .
we 're going to have good weather in the next few days .
remember to enjoy yourself .
i think this is the end .
you made plans , didn 't you ?
layla walked to the parking lot .
the sand is yellow , and also the sun is yellow . the sand and the the sun are yellow .
mary , frightened , <unk> out her arms to hold me .
tom is pretty sharp , isn 't he ?
i know that you 're hungry .
tom wasn 't very busy today .
tom and mary told me that they didn 't win .
has tom ever lied to you about anything ?
why don 't you look for tom ?
sami was at high school .
will you introduce me to the young woman talking with mrs. <unk> ?
do you think tom wants to go to boston with us ?
" i admit it , but what then will you do with that money ? " " i will buy paper and other things i need . "
i only have a small garden .
you 're in trouble now .
i knew that tom was a very bad driver .
can i take a picture of you ?
my dog speaks english .
i 'm sure i heard something .
the wine bottle is empty .
how much money did you spend ?
i forgot tom could speak french .
both tom and mary aren 't very good at cooking .
his name is tom and he 's mary 's husband .
since he became a third year student , the only day he came to school was the day of the opening ceremony .
i 'll be free all day monday .
tom and i like to play <unk> together .
a lot of teachers stood by me .
i 'd really like it if you 'd come to my party .
they 're going to shoot you .
you must return him the book .
he wants to be a tennis player .
i advised tom to eat more vegetables .
sami never intended to marry layla .
tom stayed at home all afternoon .
why don 't we start at the beginning ?
we never should 've gone there .
they say they like chinese food .
how do tom and mary feel about it ?
australia is about twenty times as large as japan .
we 've been here over an hour .
today is a day full of joy .
my pen won 't work . what did you do to it ?
tom still does that once in a while .
we know that you 'll do what 's best .
it 's a wonderful world .
tom wrote another check for mary .
i think tom is dying .
tom didn 't answer the question directly .
i hate this village .
tom said mary wasn 't reluctant to do that .
the president is fully aware of the situation .
you are responsible for the death of the child .
that 's all i was waiting for .
we <unk> fear god , but nothing else in the world .
i knew it from the start .
tom isn 't the one who taught me how to say " thank you " in french .
mary says she needs to find <unk> to live .
we 're running late .
what would you do if you had one year free ?
tom hates traveling .
i 'll be flying to australia next monday .
the gate is open .
he likes his job a lot .
you can 't <unk> any more money from me .
why did you fail the entrance examination ?
there is little hope of his success .
that 's a bad sign .
mary was about to burst out laughing .
i think we picked the wrong person for the job .
she speaks seven languages .
i want you to do a clean job .
sami wants to eat ice cream .
you cannot take a picture in the theater without permission .
i have to go and see what tom and mary want .
mary made me want to <unk> her in the face .
i got out of bed and turned on the light .
you have a fever and should not go out .
she is not so much a singer as a <unk> .
i thought that you wouldn 't want that .
but will it be a problem ?
he made the same mistake twice .
tom didn 't know we were the ones who did that .
i 've been down this road before .
tom and mary said they felt rejected .
when mary told tom that she 'd done that , he got upset .
this was a gift from tom .
i 'll never be able to love you again .
don 't try to fool me .
i don 't think tom and mary know what they 're talking about .
tom can swim almost as fast as mary can .
i want you to find tom for me .
fadil lost his mother and father when he was just little .
tom got everything he wanted .
tom is an excellent singer .
tom asked me to make sure you understood what you needed to do .
do you want to buy a shirt ?
the results were bad .
i am rather happy .
my mom doesn 't speak english very well .
tom and mary aren 't talking to one another .
they said they were having fun .
i 'm in training now .
once upon a time there lived in a certain village a little country girl , the <unk> <unk> that ever was seen .
have you called them yet ?
be careful what you wish for . it might come true .
how many people live in your apartment building ?
she didn 't wash her hair .
do you think it was an accident ?
tom is losing blood fast .
you really shouldn 't have done that .
tom didn 't have to go with us .
it rained during the night .
look back !
what color are those ?
am i stupid ?
tom is busy with his work .
i know what i 'm giving you for christmas .
tom isn 't with us anymore .
i certainly had no idea tom and mary were studying french .
sami crossed the road and got to the other <unk> .
tom said that he didn 't know anyone in australia .
in spring everything looks bright .
i think that tom is safe .
finding tom wasn 't difficult .
i have five times as many stamps as he does .
mary said she thinks tom isn 't able to do that .
mary had a big fight with her mother .
don 't buy them anything .
i 'm full of joy .
why are tom and mary so interested in that ?
his carpet is completely white .
i 'd like your help .
i also plan to visit boston .
he stood out from the rest of the boys .
i just really want to kiss you . would you mind ?
we just couldn 't finish it .
tom took on more than he could handle .
i didn 't know that you were going to be able to do that by yourself .
can tom be trusted ?
i didn 't say he had taken it ; i just said i had seen him in the kitchen .
i hope tom and mary know they need to do that .
tom is the only one who knows how to fix that .
i finally beat him .
tom and mary had to do that by themselves .
she says she studies french .
we 're going to put on a show .
is that all you ever think about ?
he amused himself by reading a detective story .
we kicked tom out of the house .
is that tom 's phone ?
i often went skiing in the winter .
sami was lost .
i want tom .
i know tom is a very lazy person .
" i must <unk> for the state of things " has ended up becoming quite a polite expression these days , hasn 't it ?
you didn 't lend it to him .
i 'm looking for my shoes . have you seen them ?
it <unk> my heart to see you crying .
i thought that i heard tom crying .
tom is too angry to do that now .
it 's clear he loves it .
this book gives a blow by blow account of how the <unk> system is <unk> our financial security .
two years ago , this gentleman worked as a <unk> .
tom is here because of you .
i was young and stupid .
i have a japanese car .
he is here to stay .
i don 't think tom and mary are the only ones who don 't have enough money to buy tickets .
she 's going back to america .
i told the policeman everything i knew .
would you give me a hand here ?
the boy was made king before he could write his own name .
tom and mary told me that they thought john didn 't know how to speak french .
my job is to do what other people don 't want to do .
i know that tom won 't tell mary why he did that .
tom is going to make changes .
i think tom and mary <unk> their hair .
tom only slept for a few hours .
i 'd expected tom to do that .
tom said that mary was going camping next weekend .
tom has to start somewhere .
we went fishing in the lake .
i wanted to save her .
tom is almost ready to do that .
let 's keep this up as long as we can .
soldiers on both sides were dying by the millions .
she thought that it would be interesting and fun .
i made tom promise he wouldn 't tell anybody what happened .
we didn 't have much snow here last year .
how many words are there in this dictionary ?
tom <unk> mary into doing his work for him .
how do you account for his failure ?
i haven 't seen you around here before .
he said he 'd do that for sure .
let 's count heads before we leave .
tom was married and then he got divorced .
it was too <unk> for me to get to sleep last night .
you gave me the wrong change .
what do your friends want to do ?
tom made a serious error .
would that the thoughts in my head would come out like a <unk> from a cash <unk> .
i think that tom still believes that .
i hope for your help .
doesn 't tom want to do that ?
i 've made a <unk> at a drinking place near <unk> station . it 's all you can drink for 2 hours for <unk> yen .
it 's probably going to be difficult for you to do that .
you 're an interesting girl .
tom talked to mary on the telephone .
we 've heard it before .
i thought maybe you 'd changed your mind about going to australia .
tom pushed mary into the chair .
will you let tom leave ?
please tell me it 's a joke .
i disagree with almost everything tom just said .
i wish i hadn 't promised mary i 'd help her .
they said they weren 't full .
tom is better than mary .
i don 't think i can survive in this place .
when i arrived , it was raining .
i really don 't know what 's going to happen .
while your friend <unk> you <unk> by both your hands you are safe , for you can watch both of his .
tom is convinced that he doesn 't have to do that .
we can 't come to australia now .
everybody is waiting for you .
tom and mary say they don 't believe john would really do that .
tom works at a store not too far from where he lives .
tom is at the library now , isn 't he ?
who 's your favorite actor or actress ?
mary is a <unk> teacher , isn 't she ?
tom can 't read or write .
i don 't suppose you want to just tell me who you really are ?
i know where you hide your diary .
tom doesn 't have enough time for a cup of coffee .
i have a dictionary in my hand .
tom didn 't do a <unk> of work .
she sure is full of herself .
he is running now .
she spends most of her income on books .
we still have a few decisions to make .
he 's a <unk> guy who always <unk> to come out on top . he 's the kind of guy who can turn any situation to his advantage .
tom and his girlfriend came here yesterday .
tom , you 've got to wake up .
he refused to change his mind .
was it you who told tom and mary they need to do that ?
tom , come over here .
come to the kitchen .
the <unk> got up on the count of nine .
tom and mary will be absent today because they have <unk> .
tom doesn 't like to be kept waiting for a long time .
even though we 're engaged , he did not want to let me kiss him .
john doesn 't care a shit about his clothes .
tom ended up in boston .
tom asked me whether i liked boston or not .
it 's not easy to be understood by everybody .
thanks , tom . we couldn 't have finished the job without you .
my opinion is the opposite .
do it the best you can .
it was pretty strong .
italy is a beautiful country .
i like honey .
tom never thought mary would win .
i can 't help it . it <unk> .
tom said he really regrets not doing that .
tom and mary seem to really be enjoying themselves .
i 'm not going to <unk> my tail when they arrive .
have you actually learned anything ?
please just get on a plane and come to boston .
a couple more !
they 're clearly not happy that they got stuck with that job .
sami was doing youtube .
tom is younger than you think he is .
tom <unk> down and picked up the money he saw on the ground .
everybody wanted to sing .
they didn 't want to do that , did they ?
the teacher was jealous of my art skills .
i know that this is important for us all .
they 've told me that they can win .
i was surprised when tom told me he had to do that .
just think about it .
what a surprise to <unk> into you here !
i had a similar experience .
i thought that you said you could play the piano .
tom told me he thought mary was tired .
mary wanted to do that , but i begged her not to .
today is world women 's day , or , as we men say , spring cleaning !
we couldn 't cross the river .
i know where you slept last night and with whom .
" you 're jealous . " " jealous ? of whom ? "
<unk> was late for class yesterday because of his accident .
i 'm waiting to see what tom will do .
tom really didn 't want to see anyone .
sami took a look at the computer .
i wonder what 's wrong with him .
tom knew he no longer needed to help mary .
how much time will it take you to do that ?
i suspect that both tom and mary have houses in boston .
tom could 've done that without mary 's help .
tom is going to pick mary up at 2 : 30 this afternoon at the airport .
tom will certainly agree to do that .
i assume that you 're going somewhere with this .
tom hasn 't finished writing the report .
it 'll take about an hour .
you can 't let anyone know what it is .
i don 't know whether what tom says is true or not .
sami 's video is very hard to <unk> .
i cover my book with paper .
when will you start ?
<unk> physics was child 's play to <unk> , but he couldn 't figure out his income tax .
i 'm sure that tom had a lot of fun doing that .
tom had nothing left to drink .
i 'm waiting for my girlfriend .
tom sat by the pool drinking red wine and eating expensive cheese .
they said that they weren 't alone .
it would be a lot of fun to do that .
you were the first person who did that , weren 't you ?
mary <unk> tom a new pair of socks .
sami can do that at home all the time .
he claims he was drunk at the time .
tom got to the station in time to catch the train he wanted to catch .
i decided not do that anymore .
tom didn 't do that in a hurry .
this is different from what i thought .
tom and mary bought everything they needed in just thirty minutes .
you 're not the only one who 's afraid .
sami removed layla 's name from his credit card .
tom and mary like their coffee black .
we 're staying .
what 's this strange music ?
i think tom knew where mary was going to do that .
i just want you to consider the possibility that you 're wrong .
tom taught me many things .
tom has done that a lot lately .
tom and i don 't do that as much as we used to .
what 's tom got to hide ?
i can 't really do that .
i said get out !
i wouldn 't have <unk> that song if i 'd known it would make tom cry .
tom is a history teacher .
tom didn 't want to show off .
why can 't you tell us ?
tom didn 't seem embarrassed .
he said he 'd never come back here .
no matter how old i get , i 'll still have the energy to play <unk> .
tom knew he had to do something .
i thought that it was strange .
if you visit tom now , he 'll probably be watching tv .
i wouldn 't take his word for anything , he 's a born liar .
everything looks in order .
sami shot this man on purpose .
this is where tom lives .
the <unk> is 2 : 30 on monday .
the war broke out when she was in <unk> .
i knew that tom told mary not to do that .
are you satisfied with your job ?
they can 't possibly be that stupid .
has tom got a cat ?
let 's never talk about this again .
those ideas are <unk> to our way of thinking .
we made a list .
what did tom tell mary to do ?
i didn 't think you 'd enjoy tom 's concert .
i know tom would do that for me .
sami watched the scene .
they didn 't need to go , but they did .
walking from here is a bit far .
are people a product of their environment ?
i 'm sorry tom isn 't here .
i wouldn 't go to boston with tom .
the captain 's orders were clear .
i am very scared .
sometimes i get jealous .
why are you running away ?
that 's not what i told him .
i 'm a little different .
they said they 'd definitely win .
i 'll help you look for them .
i don 't want them to be alone .
<unk> <unk> start next week . just <unk> the night before won 't get you ready . there 'll be a lot of tough questions . you should start studying today .
how can you stand that <unk> heat all day ?
tom thinks mary will be the first one to do that .
tom wanted mary to know the truth .
tom told me that he 'd stay home .
tom and mary no difficulty finding jobs .
mary said she thought she could help us .
tom might not have done that .
i know that tom knows that we don 't want to do that .
don 't touch this with your dirty hands .
do we have to be nice to tom ?
i have forgotten most of it .
tom sent an email to his boss instead of his girlfriend .
how are you going to manage ?
you can count me among your friends .
what makes you think i don 't want to do that again ?
sami and layla stayed together .
i can 't leave the house until my mother comes back .
i 've got to head out .
i work on mondays .
tom and mary still deny that they did that .
tom and i are busy .
i often enjoy listening to music after supper .
mary got rid of her old car .
i don 't have any more money .
tell me who 's got it .
tom seems bright .
tom told me i wouldn 't be able to get permission to do that .
are you still interested in doing that ?
i don 't think that tom can hear very well .
it 's three o 'clock now ; i 'll come again in an hour .
i 've been waiting for you since two o 'clock .
tom is pretty scared , isn 't he ?
tom and mary aren 't big , but they 're strong .
she was <unk> when he broke up with her .
tom and mary returned to their hotel rooms .
tom made mary laugh .
they were pretty tired after having worked all day .
mary quickly became my best friend .
i didn 't come to school yesterday because i had to go to a funeral .
as far as i know , no one has ever done it .
there 's someone behind them .
my family is wealthy .
they say that they saw everything .
tom came by to visit late yesterday afternoon .
i was certain you 'd come .
did you vote for tom ?
i wasn 't allowed to go into that room .
tom and mary told me that they might not win .
who can be against it ?
tom told mary he would do that .
tom is less experienced than the rest of us .
i want to be here with you .
so far there has been no news .
i do this every day .
tom is doing the dishes .
tom thought he could do that .
will you be going with us ?
children , it 's time for you to come home !
tom didn 't seem surprised when mary told him that she didn 't need to do that .
sami didn 't press the button .
were tom and mary supposed to be at this morning 's meeting ?
art gives the <unk> of the world an order that doesn 't exist .
tom told mary that he was shy .
i wanna make tonight a perfect night .
i shouldn 't have told you this .
they arrived at the hotel .
do you still plan to go to tom 's party ?
one more step , and you 'll be a dead man .
they said they 'd buy some stamps .
you 're eating your orange .
let 's <unk> our horses and go riding .
tom and mary always try to do what they think is right .
my army is getting ready !
mary says she 'll go to boston in october .
how old were you the first time you drank wine ?
tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew where mary lived .
mary ought to take her medication .
mary noticed absolutely everything .
were i in your position , i shouldn 't know what to do .
we all speak spanish .
we lost our way .
i swim once or twice a week .
mary probably shouldn 't tell tom why she did that .
mary told me that she should do that .
that almost made me laugh .
the girl said she was going shopping with her mother , and didn 't listen to what i said .
aren 't you happy where you are ?
i didn 't know that tom was in australia last month .
i informed tom that i did that .
i thought you should see this .
the motorcycle i borrowed from him broke down .
tom said mary is going to do that by herself .
she didn 't suspect anything .
" you did that on purpose . " " i did not ! "
i turned them down .
i can 't believe that this is really happening to me .
tom doesn 't trust anybody but mary .
it won 't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place .
i 'm looking forward to visiting australia .
i didn 't know what was what . the inside of my head had gone to <unk> <unk> and i couldn 't get things straight .
i 'm afraid that we won 't be able to help you tomorrow .
do you have enough money ?
i 'll run it over to the <unk> .
mary would like to stay young forever .
tom used to <unk> school a lot when he was a kid .
tom went by car because he 's afraid of flying .
do you , by any chance , speak french ?
i know tom isn 't a gym teacher anymore .
are you sure you can 't buy one of those in australia ?
sami drove <unk> miles to attend layla 's wedding .
the teacher was mad .
tom doesn 't want to leave boston .
what tom has suggested probably won 't work .
he gained the prize by <unk> of hard work .
i just heard from her .
i would often go swimming in the sea when a child .
he doesn 't understand the <unk> of the thing .
i thought you might feel like going out for a drink .
tom may have said that , but i don 't think he did .
it is interesting that no one noticed that mistake .
i don 't think tom liked the song that you wrote about him .
since tom and mary aren 't feeling well , they won 't do that with us .
tom told me that he thought mary would be reasonable .
tom didn 't seem angry .
do you think tom knows i want to go to boston ?
tom didn 't go to his classes today .
i don 't know what will happen to you .
can 't we just tell tom what he should do ?
i 'm sure tom didn 't have to do that .
if you see a suspicious person , please <unk> the police .
i take a bath every night .
i had a little problem earlier .
i don 't quite follow , but it looks like it will prove <unk> . <unk> .
that book isn 't mine .
i 'll buy a shirt tomorrow .
you have no business complaining about the matter .
i don 't think that tom will understand that .
stay away from my stuff .
they seldom watch television these days .
tom didn 't live a long life .
although she is poor , she is satisfied .
you 're wasting your money and my time .
it 's rude of you to ask her that question .
if he had been a little more careful , he would have succeeded .
tom ignored the question .
tom and mary both know that 's not going to happen .
i 'm in no position to do anything about it .
you 'll never be able to talk tom out of doing that .
sami wanted more money .
layla made a decision that she was going to end it that night .
they seemed to think so .
tom and mary admitted they didn 't do what john told them they needed to do .
i didn 't tell tom where you live .
just get it .
it was probably tom .
tom and mary have a car , but they seldom use it .
tom said mary wasn 't as angry as he thought she 'd be .
it is rare that he should make such a mistake .
no one but you could have done it this well .
i lied about being in australia .
tom said that mary thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself .
that 's my boy .
i shake the money box to hear it <unk> .
tom was obviously tempted .
she told me that she was well .
give your papers in .
mary is on her way to the hospital .
they told me that they were really hungry .
several hundred men were packed into the boat .
you know , don 't you ?
we need to understand why .
who is this crazy person ?
how many kilometers is it from here to the train station ?
tom devoted his life to education .
i have decided .
i told tom that i thought i had the <unk> .
i want to kiss you .
boston is great .
i 've something interesting to tell you that you might find <unk> .
do you have a problem with what was suggested ?
tom and mary are likely going to go to boston during their summer vacation .
were you a good swimmer when you were in high school ?
i want our baby to look like you .
i am going to stay here till the day after tomorrow .
the due date for <unk> the application is this friday .
i wonder whether tom knew that mary had to do that by herself .
i 'm looking forward to spending time with my family .
tom works alone .
they had accepted what was necessary to win .
have you seen him so often these days ?
this is more important !
tom and mary lied to john when they told him they had done that already .
it was not until then that he learned the truth .
she took her socks off .
you got what you came for .
try to relax .
we started it again right after dinner .
won 't you have a seat ?
i know tom is a very good <unk> .
i 'll go check .
tom lied to the policeman .
i don 't think tom should go out by himself after dark .
tom and mary said they didn 't think john would ever be able to do that .
did you tell mary she could stay here ?
tom is a good driver .
tom told me that he didn 't love mary anymore .
when was the last time you traveled by train ?
tom didn 't get to eat any ice cream at the party .
mary told me that she had no money .
layla was tried as an adult .
i 'm sorry , but i can 't help you .
i 'm in town on business .
we should tell the children how to defend <unk> .
who taught you that song ?
i didn 't allow tom do what he wanted to do .
i 'm just not very good at french .
i 'm learning to play the guitar now .
tom was supposed to help us yesterday .
tom told me that he thought mary was <unk> .
i 'm having a hard time <unk> to the terms .
tom must be winning .
did you get that ring from tom ?
that never even occurred to me .
sami can leave .
i know that tom is having a hard time doing that .
tom wanted to come and see you .
everyone has an area of interest .
he said that he 'd been busy .
tom isn 't likely to forget his promise .
he 's nothing more than a useful idiot .
something terrible is about to happen .
she opened the letter quickly .
was that tom out there ?
tom could be gone by the time we get there .
sami studied the life of <unk> , peace be upon him .
they probably saw our ship come into <unk> .
does tom know that mary is his mother ?
i understand everything now and i regret that tom is not here with me now .
tom stared down at his feet .
i wasn 't busy .
i thought that a game of tennis might be fun .
you asked tom how he 'd do that , didn 't you ?
i did that very quickly .
when do i get what i want ?
tom gave me several books .
when was the last time tom helped you ?
sami 's relationship with his girlfriend was up and down .
tom said that he 'd leave at 2 : 30 .
there 's a family room in the basement .
does anyone feel sick ?
i think that tom didn 't want our help .
i don 't read books .
can you leave the light off ?
tom lives in a small town where everybody knows everyone .
do you have one a little bigger than these ?
mary stared at the food on her plate .
could you go , please ?
sami was having a shit .
tom spent all day trying to fix the <unk> in the roof .
tom and mary have already told john what they need him to do .
there are forty houses .
tom and mary have sold their house .
tom told mary i was afraid .
we need you to do that for us .
i know that tom will do that before we get there .
you might think i 'm too old for you , but i don 't think you 're too young for me .
today 's my day off .
she doesn 't always translate the real answer .
i know that tom is in the garage , working on his car .
mary was a popular girl in high school .
let me fix that for you .
i think tom and mary know who stole my wallet .
i spend a lot of time in boston .
the doctor assured tom that he 'd be fine .
the per <unk> <unk> of rice of japanese people is about half of what it was fifty years ago .
i didn 't know that this building had a basement .
tom had never seen anything like that before .
tom found a gun near the garbage can .
tom definitely needs to be a bit more <unk> .
he said that he believed in ghosts .
tom 's never won anything in his life .
sami , too , was in mom 's <unk> .
is this what you expected ?
tom is a good swimmer , but he doesn 't swim very often .
i don 't think that it was tom 's fault .
there was no one in the room .
i probably won 't try to do that again .
what made up your mind to quit smoking ?
the opening of the country had a great influence on japanese <unk> .
i think you shouldn 't gone there by yourself .
he is a complete idiot .
do tom and mary know that you 're here ?
do you like germany ?
tom could be in prison a long time .
mary has things on her mind .
sami wondered who those girls were .
she made herself a big breakfast .
tom told mary he wouldn 't ever do that .
tom has agreed not to do that anymore .
there was no time to think .
her laughter is an <unk> expression of the joy of living .
mary says she won 't mind .
we named our dog cookie .
the school is taking action .
i lived there for a few years .
i suspect that tom is likely to be late .
tom said , " move over " ; forced his way through and sat down .
of course , i can 't tell her .
tom has done that once .
you 're not fat .
tom knows a lot about music .
there 's nothing tom can do to help us .
we are waiting for comments .
we 'll be getting married next year .
tom and mary are lucky to be alive .
ask her what she bought .
don 't touch me with your <unk> hands .
who owns this food ?
tom and mary said they thought i should get more exercise .
we wish to remain what we are .
they used to love jokes .
tom and mary told me they wanted me to learn how to do that .
i suspect that tom and mary were planning on doing that tomorrow .
i 'd like to see both you and tom tomorrow .
some people laugh at his jokes , but others don 't .
tom and mary weren 't sure they needed to do that .
better to have something than nothing .
my father usually comes home at six .
she says that she has to do that .
i 've given that some thought .
you got back home .
this is my new car .
we need that money .
i just heard them .
i don 't remember tom being so tall .
i met him by chance in the city .
thoughts of hope , dreams i 'll never find .
i don 't think that tom will be impatient .
how can i keep <unk> on the least visited <unk> , and what do i do with them ?
tom wondered where he might have put his passport .
tom told everybody that he was pleased .
tom told me he wanted to help .
some people were late .
what is the rate per day ?
it looks like there 's an elevator over there .
we have different ways of thinking with <unk> to this issue .
i didn 't know that you had a brother .
i don 't know why i bother <unk> myself .
i shouldn 't have told tom everything .
tom said that he doesn 't think that he can win .
there 's something definitely wrong here .
i didn 't know that tom didn 't want to do that with us .
i use computers .
i like tom 's style .
tom said mary threatened him with a knife .
i wonder if tom is really jealous .
stop them !
sami slept with layla 's mother .
tom almost got married .
you still don 't understand .
tom realized that we ought to do that .
i suspect that tom is homeless .
tom and mary are working at a pet store .
why did she choose to do that ?
he often takes me for a drive .
tom said he won 't forget that night .
i need to talk to you alone .
please tell me which one to take .
what could have given you that idea ?
there 's no need to get so angry .
they think that they 're smarter than me .
" what do his parents do ? " " i have no idea . "
that wasn 't my idea .
why don 't you just study a little harder ?
she couldn 't believe her bad luck .
mary stuck her head out the window .
when do you play tennis ?
bad things happen .
we went shopping .
for how many hours can you sit in front of the television ?
mary said that she 'd be back right away .
who writes letters nowadays ?
they will have arrived at <unk> by noon .
mary promised that she 'd be there .
i know that something bad has happened .
what 's wrong with all of you ?
i knew i could win .
i told tom i 'd make it up to him .
the <unk> i saw him , i knew he was ill .
i know that tom is a <unk> guy .
this teacher goes by the name of " <unk> . "
a sentence is never innocent .
she won 't really do that , will she ?
is your car fast ?
tom said that he didn 't intend to go to australia .
i just don 't want to let you down .
tom has been told not to talk to mary .
i don 't really speak french very well .
i still love tom .
sami learned arabic .
we might have something else .
neither tom nor mary is from boston .
do as many questions as possible .
tom looks grateful .
i 'm the guy who met tom at the station .
i wonder whether i really needed to do that .
i do not believe that he can speak <unk> .
you should have done that yourself .
what makes you think this is the end ?
tom met his wife while he was studying in australia .
he knows he made a mistake .
tom and mary know they should do that today .
tom didn 't seem to be as <unk> as mary seemed to be .
tom has friends in high places .
you sing better than i do .
she said that she was ill , which was a lie .
i 've never played golf , but i think i 'll give it a shot .
mary tried to move the piano by herself , but she couldn 't .
during his speech she was all ears .
sami and layla were already there .
not all things that happen happen on this world .
tom told me to keep it secret .
tom is pretty old , isn 't he ?
he had a silly smile on his face the whole evening .
the soldiers were making for the enemy camp .
this library has a large collection of chinese books .
i didn 't think tom would believe us .
we assumed that tom was alone .
many trains pass through the old stone <unk> .
she wanted a piece of cake , but there was none left .
i didn 't know that tom wouldn 't do that by himself .
tom is too <unk> to have a pet .
i think tom thought he had to do that .
let 's see if tom will say anything .
i just hate to see tom lose .
i have not had a <unk> movement for a week .
tom and his brother are about the same height .
there are a few nuclear bomb <unk> in the city .
you 're a lot younger than tom and mary are .
he says he met my father .
tom who used to be my neighbor , who was found guilty for murder , is now in jail .
tom asked mary why she was in boston .
we 're going to a movie .
tom is playing with his kids in the pool .
tom didn 't talk to the media .
i don 't want to talk about that right now .
how many people do you think are studying french here in australia ?
you can make it .
dan 's books have been translated in more than twenty languages .
he 's not here tonight .
they 're going to hang her .
what kind of sports do you do ?
later that night , tom told mary what had happened .
the plane 's doors were already closed when tom got to the gate .
if it 's raining tomorrow , we 'll go by car .
he thinks they are too big .
they told me they were too tired to study .
it drew strength from the young people who rejected the <unk> of their <unk> 's <unk> , who left their <unk> and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep .
i know tom doesn 't really have the courage to do that .
she 'll get home by herself .
i no longer have any reason to lie .
" may i please see your driver 's license for <unk> ? " , said the <unk> .
when was the last time you had a cold ?
i want to know when you expect to have the report finished .
tom said that he thought mary would be cooperative .
i really need to talk with you .
tom <unk> to persuade mary to go to church with him .
i think i still have time to do that .
why aren 't you going after tom ?
i have nothing more to say .
if he hadn 't been tired , he would 've gone .
i 'm doing well , thank you .
tom has found a good teaching job .
the town has changed a lot since then .
tom and mary went back to their <unk> .
tom was shot in the neck .
perhaps you should stay here .
mother <unk> that i should eat more vegetables .
i 've always wanted to try that .
she doesn 't like snakes and mathematics .
i don 't think that tom would do that on purpose .
the cost of living is very high in boston .
i figured that everyone was busy .
i 'd like to think about it a little more .
i knocked on the door , but there was no answer .
what have i got myself into ?
tom is hoping he can do that with mary .
tom said that he knew mary should do that .
i didn 't tell tom .
tom is a pretty good driver .
he kept his promise and helped his brothers .
what do i tell her ?
if you 're not careful , you 'll make another mistake .
we don 't have that book in stock .
the news made her very sad .
the last i heard , tom was in prison .
it 's going to get very cold tonight .
tom and mary used to do that better than they do now .
i thought that tom would like mary .
i hate everyone except you .
tom fell out of the tree .
she lives in the village .
tom has been wrong many times .
this is the car with the most speed .
fadil said it was a joke .
is this an <unk> time for you ? i can call back later .
tom isn 't smiling right now .
i wonder why tom told me i didn 't have to do that .
i think that tom didn 't want to do that alone .
you were the only who did that , weren 't you ?
i don 't think that tom knows anything about <unk> .
tom told me that he was going home .
tom didn 't like not having enough money .
two men kept guard .
i will see to it that everything is ready in time .
it seems that tom is aware mary didn 't do that .
i don 't think that i know anyone who can speak french .
i 'm in total agreement with you .
i can 't wait to go back to australia .
bring him back .
which do you prefer : this one or that one ?
lock the safe .
she said that she 's feeling nervous .
i couldn 't get through it .
layla and sami wanted to have a perfect first date .
i 'm pretty sure that tom won 't want to do that .
the parking lot is almost empty .
who caught tom ?
i wrote a letter to my mother last night .
why does he keep lying ?
tom said he thought he needed to help mary .
i is an other .
she doesn 't seem too happy , does she ?
your god where is he now ?
tom lied to protect himself .
i walk to work .
you look like your father looked thirty years ago .
tom hasn 't bought a new pair of shoes in three years .
i 'm not as good at playing the <unk> as tom is .
she says she didn 't agree to do that .
tom is optimistic .
tom and mary seem to be waiting for something to happen .
tom is organized , isn 't he ?
i don 't want to miss my train .
can you still do that ?
no , i don 't work at the weekend .
do we need a world language ?
tom is just right for the job .
tom had a date .
he knew he should do that .
i asked tom and mary if they 'd mind doing that .
tom and mary don 't even know each other .
tom didn 't seem to care that mary didn 't like him .
she poured milk into the cup .
fall is the best season for sports .
how many people do you know that can speak french ?
the bus finally came to a stop .
their friendship moved us deeply .
i 'm not the jealous type .
i can 't wear those clothes . they don 't fit .
i 'm not going back to australia .
why were you frightened ?
tom was planning on doing that .
i never should 've gone along with this .
tom won 't be afraid .
tom said mary knew that john might be permitted to do that .
i feel lost without you .
i haven 't <unk> an opinion on that subject yet .
did tom tell you where to wait ?
sami lived in his room .
i do not quite agree with you .
did you buy a dictionary ?
do you really think tom and mary are healthy ?
tom and mary studied french together .
all is still .
i <unk> suggest making this into two sentences .
tom said he likes swimming .
looks are not everything .
tom didn 't know that mary was looking for him .
i don 't think that tom has much free time .
tom wasn 't a good coach .
i know that tom didn 't know why i did that by myself .
live and let live , is tom 's <unk> of life .
the weather was beautiful and we stayed on the beach all day .
i was with her last night .
stop or i 'll shoot .
i have no time to read books .
i didn 't know that tom knew why you did that by yourself .
tom and mary have lost their keys .
i think with my eyes and ears , my hands and feet and my mouth and nose .
they know what they 're going to do .
tom has told me he has to go to australia .
tom is three years older than me .
boys can 't enter the girls ' <unk> .
he said he got a 100 points .
i thought that tom could do that for mary .
tom said mary knew she might need to do that by herself .
would you like to join my team ?
you have to believe me .
tom said he thought that mary might be required to do that by herself .
i remembered one .
tom doesn 't want to admit mary was right and that he was wrong .
can you see my father ?
there 's no cover charge .
he tried to open the door .
it 's a new bike .
tom wanted to surprise you .
tom didn 't want to know what was going on .
do you remember what that was about ?
tom and mary told everyone that they were interested .
i entered a singing contest .
sami and layla were found shot in their room .
i don 't intend do that tomorrow .
this child don 't know what 's coming for him .
tom is very annoying , isn 't he ?
you 're in good hands .
i wrote one .
have you ever wiped the table ?
i wonder whether tom really did that yesterday .
sami didn 't buy any <unk> for the party .
is this really our best plan ?
she said that if my homework 's too difficult , i can go to her for help .
tom was just trying to protect his kids .
you have a great memory .
i 'm sorry . i didn 't mean to .
when do you expect to go abroad ?
coffee , meat , potatoes , fruit , nuts , cheese , and a book . what more do you need ?
we should consider this problem as a whole .
tom is now ready to talk .
there 's too much <unk> in the house now that we have two kids .
where are the largest <unk> in the world ?
let 's stay calm .
i know that tom is still desperate to do that .
she goes to junior high .
would you have done that the way tom did ?
does it bother you if people smoke in your house ?
i didn 't have any fun yesterday .
the next morning , to our great <unk> , he returned home safe and sound .
tom didn 't notice that he was being followed .
will you ask tom to help ?
i am a japanese .
sami was layla 's age .
i want to know what you 're doing to find tom .
my parents are both still living .
the truck hit the police officer before <unk> into the police car .
tom doesn 't want to move back to australia .
he is a weak president because he is a weak person .
they plan to have a party .
tom wants to get someone to do that for him .
sami wanted to live with a girlfriend .
tom , too , will do that .
tom is going to be so jealous .
i thought that you didn 't want us to call tom .
sami took layla to a water park .
those are my friends .
mary told me she tried to do that .
tom looked around the garage to see if he could find anything useful .
maybe it 's real .
i failed to move it for it was very heavy .
he says he has nothing to do .
dan is too tired today .
i don 't want to go , either .
she says that she 's a good student .
tom was released from prison on october <unk> .
what is she dancing to ?
where did you park them ?
he could not help but think about her .
i can 't ask tom right now .
how much does a taxi driver make ?
you 're the best friend i 've ever had .
tom borrowed money from mary .
this made me laugh so hard .
i 'd like to offer you your job back .
i hope you had a wonderful day .
we 're not allowed to tell tom what 's going on .
i know i can make a team .
sami is suspended from the police force <unk> .
get off his back .
mary sang her daughter to sleep .
you 're not bad at this .
tom said mary would likely not be able to do that .
sami is trying to calm layla down .
a man came to see him .
tom and mary are wearing <unk> that 're too large for them .
sami had access to layla 's house .
he is a hard worker , and i 'm sure that he will succeed in that new job .
i prepared for you a surprise .
i didn 't know that tom had a house on park street .
this plastic chair is very cheap .
halloween is just a few days away .
what is the population of france ?
what do you want me to see ?
mary wanted to see tom in her office .
i can hear you .
tom told mary he wanted something to drink .
tom said he thought that mary wouldn 't like to do that .
don 't come any closer .
tom and mary said everybody they know has a passport .
it took me quite a while to do that .
i 've done that .
i knew we would find it .
i seldom go to church .
tom lay on his bed with his eyes open .
did you know tom didn 't have to do that ?
i just want to find a cab .
tom and mary are making a big mistake .
tom didn 't say how he planned to get there .
tom and mary are doing things they 've never done before .
tom can 't believe mary just said that .
tom plans to come to boston .
i went to sleep .
there are some <unk> you shouldn 't discuss with tom .
i was kept awake all night by the noise .
tom and mary said they wouldn 't be able to go with us .
if only we had money , we could do that .
i have lots of things i need to do today .
a month without you is not fun .
sami is serious about this .
tom will find a way to get you out of here .
i won 't be doing that with tom .
mary said she plans to do that on monday .
oh , like that !
i don 't know what that guy 's name is .
sami lived in six different states .
tom thinks mary won 't be jealous .
i could have gone to the <unk> , but i went to the mountains instead .
tom is used to the cold , isn 't he ?
while <unk> was running in the park yesterday , she fell and she broke her arm . yesterday evening her friends <unk> her .
just a little more patience .
he needs me .
goals <unk> what you are going to be .
i do nothing .
i thought you weren 't coming back .
tell tom to change his shirt .
is german spoken too ?
tom hopes mary knows that she has do what john wants her to do .
what were you studying last night ?
" how much money does tom make ? " " how would i know ? "
i thought i was being smart .
if we don 't do that , it won 't get done .
you can imagine how tom felt .
i 'm sure tom and mary have already spent a lot of the money we gave them .
they want to know about him .
i 've decided to stay where i am .
how many times a year does tom do that ?
i told him not to use those .
the house is on the hill .
read it after her .
the last time i went to boston was three years ago .
tom was grateful .
my father must have been handsome in his youth .
i couldn 't think of anything else to say .
i 'm not allowed to drive anymore .
mary said she just got back from boston .
how can a <unk> person like you eat so much ?
i 've been called worse .
tom and mary say they didn 't know john wouldn 't do that .
i felt your lips .
tom wouldn 't really buy that , would he ?
come in quickly , please .
i have good news for you .
after school , i study , then play <unk> .
i can be as stubborn as you are .
mary said she 's the one responsible for what happened .
tom was in boston all weekend .
everybody knew tom didn 't want to stay in boston .
tom and mary told me they were homeless .
please hand me the dictionary .
do tom and mary still drink coffee ?
tom jumped out of his seat .
sami enjoyed that .
they really like their cars .
i wish you 'd shown me how to do that .
tom was the last person to leave the office .
sami went to work that day .
it is seven in london now .
no one on either side was killed .
tom said he didn 't want to pay so much for a used car .
the factory always made good quality shoes .
we 've come a long way together .
tom didn 't know how to ride a bicycle at that time .
tom wouldn 't do anything like that .
i know that tom does that every morning .
i 'd never seen you so scared before .
tom didn 't seem to be interested in sports .
they told us they loved skiing .
mary said she didn 't even want to think about that .
layla was arrested in cairo , egypt .
she thinks i 'm a stupid drunk .
he killed the old lady just for <unk> .
she came on strong .
what you said to her isn 't accepted as a joke .
we won 't hold that against you .
tom told mary that he was nervous .
tom was sick over christmas .
tom brought me everything i 'd asked for .
you should ask him to help .
tom didn 't know that i needed to do that .
you have my support , tom .
the noise stopped .
i don 't know if mary is telling the truth , but she certainly made up a good story as to why she was late .
they don 't seem too happy , do they ?
you won 't be able to do that without help .
he picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue .
apparently , nothing bad happened .
let me do the dirty work .
the movie ran for two hours .
mary had to clean her room .
i 'd rather be fishing .
it 's not going to be easy for me to do that .
tom will listen to what you have to tell him .
i thought you said that you 'd rather do that yourselves .
sami loved the lord .
how many videos do you <unk> per day ?
i didn 't know that i needed to do that again .
only tom knows .
sami gave layla the finger and she gave him the finger back .
i want to make a phone call , but i don 't have any change now .
they went upstairs .
don 't be too hard on me , please .
i don 't want to be your assistant .
i 'm sorry to hear you were bored .
i can 't go without seeing him .
i don 't think tom and mary are retired yet .
i went to grade school in australia .
i know that it 's highly unlikely that anyone can help me .
the toy is made of wood .
she said she knew the rules .
doesn 't tom ever win ?
we both forgot about the meeting .
tom said he thought that you were likely to do that .
he still says that he did nothing wrong .
i don 't think tom and mary were lying .
come on tom , let someone else have a turn .
tom and mary tried to persuade their father to let them go to boston by themselves .
i fell when i was running .
tom and mary said they didn 't do anything wrong .
tom said mary is looking forward to being retired .
a young woman came to visit me yesterday .
i know that tom isn 't the one who 's supposed to tell mary that she doesn 't need to do that .
tom has good tastes in music .
if you really want to know , all you have to do is ask .
did you do your homework ? the meeting is only two days away .
tom gets paid a lot .
tom told me that he 'd bought a car .
because he was tired , he went to bed early .
because i studied for a long time yesterday .
he 's running his hand through his <unk> , brown hair .
sami and layla had a failed relationship .
tom may do that right now .
tom wasn 't worried about mary .
sami had his bathroom in his room .
i 'm going to forget you said that .
you aren 't telling us everything , are you ?
that 's a large table .
i 'm sure it didn 't come easy .
i know i should do that today .
i met with her today .
tom didn 't want to make the same mistake as his sister .
i 'd have done the same thing .
tom doesn 't know how to speak to children .
tom and mary can blame no one but themselves .
my parents are the ones who taught me how to do that .
i liked the people in australia .
i intend to study in europe or in the <unk> one day .
sami accidentally stepped on my foot .
tom says he needs to ask mary where she put his camera .
you can talk to him .
tom just sat there .
tom told me that he thought mary would be <unk> .
when you have food <unk> , eating out is difficult , isn 't it ?
i wonder whether tom and mary are finished .
we can go there with the help of a car .
i don 't know how much time we have left .
i 'm taking a week off to do some fishing .
she worked most of her life .
had i spoken french ?
tom yelled at me .
mary says she 'll never do that .
they could see nothing .
hey , what do you think you 're doing ?
mary said she thought tom wasn 't afraid .
someone told me tom has moved to australia .
tom should 've been home .
tom told me he and mary spent their summer vacation at the beach .
she always gets what she wants .
he who does not know any foreign language knows nothing of his own language .
i know he did it .
tom isn 't here this morning .
i don 't know if i have the time to do that .
tom says i 'm selfish .
please buy my product .
let 's wait and see how things go .
tom realized that mary wanted to leave .
i knew that tom didn 't know anybody who was able to do that .
tell me why you think that .
i have a sister who really likes <unk> food .
we can 't wait for the weekend .
when i <unk> tom , he said that he had <unk> the check . but later he admitted that he had spent the money <unk> . i 've had it with him .
our teacher <unk> the date of the exam .
tom won 't know we 're here unless we tell him .
tom was sure mary knew she didn 't have to do that .
i wish to be alone for a couple of hours .
did you see where tom hid it ?
we thought it dangerous for her to go alone .
tom doesn 't look too busy .
sami dropped his girlfriend at college .
we 've got plenty of water .
i told tom who mary studied french with .
tom and mary won 't be able to do that if john doesn 't help them .
i wasn 't here last monday .
sami wants to leave .
what do tom and mary think about it ?
could you keep my bags here until four ?
your family is amazing .
you sold me out .
i don 't want what you 're selling .
tom asked me to find you .
we gain more knowledge every day .
some survived .
i 'd have done that if i 'd known i had to .
it 's nothing to be sorry about .
they wanted you to think they 'd died .
i am anxious about the result .
obviously that isn 't true .
he was along toward fifty .
you completely missed my point .
tom told me mary was dead .
tom and mary hung up the laundry together .
it 's hot down here .
i 'll have tom take care of it .
i don 't think i 'll be able to pass the test .
they 're alone in their apartment .
there 's no time to lose .
the higher we go up , the <unk> the air becomes .
i think that tom would do that for you .
tom didn 't think mary would be drunk , but she was .
is it all right not to do that right now ?
perhaps you should help tom with his homework .
we have to talk about this .
no doubt .
no one 's seen them in a while .
they say that they don 't ever do that .
tom isn 't the kind of man who would do that kind of thing .
i didn 't even know that what i did was wrong .
you aren 't the only one tom has cheated .
tom needs rest now .
tom thought that mary wouldn 't likely come to his party .
tom told me that he wasn 't planning on eating out today .
they can 't afford it .
he wished he were dead .
my feet get cold .
as a matter of course , he is quite right .
i know you don 't care about money .
tom and mary don 't usually take <unk> together .
would you mind watching my kids until i get back ?
sami 's television was still on .
tom and mary aren 't students here .
i doubt tom will ever learn how to speak french properly .
she didn 't take off her coat .
i 'm not afraid of anyone .
tom said mary can 't win .
tom said he didn 't want to go skiing with mary .
from what i heard , tom and mary don 't do that .
she is homesick .
i hope you didn 't have any trouble finding the place .
i think tom feels the same way .
i 'm probably not the only one that needs to do that .
i want this television .
don 't worry . it 's only <unk> .
you 're responsible for this accident .
you aren 't well .
french is an interesting language .
you 'll eventually be able to do that on your own .
what does he look like ?
i want to know where i can buy some fruit .
i think tom may be a genius .
she was born blind .
sami stole layla 's clothes .
tom asked me to try to talk mary out of doing that .
i was happy to see tom go .
sami never did that to layla .
how many does he want ?
i do not want to talk about it anymore .
mary said she saw tom waiting for the bus .
they searched for the girl .
don 't let tom stay there .
layla recently decided to wear the hijab .
it was clear that tom was the one who was going to do that for mary .
i 've heard tom has dropped out of school .
why isn 't it good ?
tom is always acting like he 's better than everyone else .
let us be silent , that we may hear the <unk> of the gods .
she 's a jealous woman .
how many songs have tom and mary written with john ?
a new <unk> will be opened in chicago next month .
she looks just like her mother .
they told me that they might do that .
tom doesn 't know why he 's getting another chance .
something is the matter with my stomach .
i got burned .
i don 't like your girlfriend .
i thought you said that you were determined to do that .
mary looked at her watch .
upon arriving at the airport , he said , " i 'm glad i could come back . "
they were offered their jobs back .
she said she didn 't want to dance .
you 're all very nice people .
sami thinks that women are <unk> in islam .
that 's why tom committed suicide .
they wished that they 'd been more careful .
join in , try it out , do it better !
mary wanted to take a picture of tom , but he didn 't want her to .
i doubt very seriously tom will be discouraged .
did tom really say he 'd give you his car ?
she didn 't want to spend any more time with tom .
tom arrived just this morning .
i asked tom to play my favorite song .
they say they 're still hungry .
why did you let tom go to australia by himself ?
what 're they up to ?
i know tom isn 't that stupid .
sometimes he acted as if he were my boss .
that 's going to take some time .
who taught you to speak ?
we need to stop her .
mary said she wondered why tom hadn 't done that .
i don 't think you should do that today .
i 'm going to ask tom for help .
my dad has a look at the newspaper every morning .
have you been injured ?
i 'll come and pick you up .
tom should 've gone to boston last week with mary , but he couldn 't .
tom will likely be curious .
she <unk> her living by playing the violin .
<unk> don 't make a man feel old , it 's the knowledge that he 's married to a grandmother .
i hope that i didn 't mess up your evening .
she didn 't eat her dessert .
i admitted that i wasn 't the one who actually did that .
i didn 't think you were interested in modern art .
layla had something special in mind .
let 's wait for another 5 minutes .
sami is late again .
with the <unk> on , how can you keep your mind on your studies ?
tom said that he was in no <unk> to do that .
sami continued to e-mail layla .
would you tell tom and mary why you want them to do that ?
tom started doing that when he was thirty .
tom took off his tie and started <unk> his shirt .
i know that tom is a violin teacher .
it was believed that the earth was flat .
sami 's body was carried out on a <unk> .
tom said he 'd never let mary do that .
when do you put up your christmas tree ?
mary said she plans on staying until monday .
i knew that tom wasn 't finished doing that .
i didn 't think that tom would still be awake .
they believed that .
people are really angry .
tom laughed at mary 's accent .
birds are flying above the trees .
can you direct me to the post office ?
ask tom if he plans to be here on october 20th .
did tom really just say that ?
tom doesn 't regret what he did .
it 's a good restaurant , but it 's quite expensive .
" what did you bring me ? " " i brought you a gift . "
sami waited for five or six minutes .
i thought that tom was going to like doing that .
i don 't think tom is as fast as i am .
tom said he would <unk> defend the charges .
i want you to drop it .
i see he 's still asleep .
she kissed my cheek .
there aren 't many men like you .
tom didn 't want to go abroad .
what was it you were doing ?
tom has been very friendly toward me .
we 're eating dinner right now .
i told tom that he should buy the cheaper one .
tom didn 't know that the police were looking for him .
i know tom will have to do that alone .
tom is the new third grade teacher .
tom and mary do the dishes as soon as they finish eating .
where are you going with this ?
we can 't afford any more mistakes .
sami came into the conference room .
i 've really got work to do .
this is where a lot of people get confused .
now we 're expecting a child .
tom already knows what mary needs to do .
i seldom use power tools .
i can 't put up with him .
the cake is ready to come out of the oven .
you already know it : i married a <unk> .
he couldn 't put his socks on .
tom told me he thought that mary was being <unk> .
did tom figure that out by himself ?
tom and mary thought their house was haunted .
i live with my roommate .
now isn 't the time to do that .
could i have a word with you ?
don 't ever speak to me like that !
can he account for his action ?
he says everyone he knows can swim .
tom told me i could use his computer .
sami wanted to go back to the hotel .
i will be waiting for you at <unk> claim .
tom and mary said that they felt weak .
care to join me , handsome ?
i can 't believe tom didn 't have to do that .
i thought tom was handsome .
sami doesn 't know layla 's parents .
the rooms are all clean .
sami wasn 't interested in money .
he knows how to advise people .
you will never get far without the <unk> , confidence and <unk> of other men and women .
what is this made of ?
tom wants mary to say that she needs him .
there are some empty <unk> in the box .
tom looked through the window .
tom says he doesn 't have to do that right away .
i remember having a hot discussion about the matter with him .
i assumed that tom was mary 's boyfriend .
can i do that now ?
there were four pieces of furniture in the room .
tom is very likely to not want to go with you .
tom and mary said they thought john might be tempted to do that .
i think that i did the right thing .
i didn 't want to say anything in front of the kids .
tom told me if it didn 't rain tomorrow he 'd go <unk> with mary .
sami had to put this video on his <unk> .
i don 't know if tom and mary still live in boston or not
the wait was too long .
tom may know why mary did that .
i will never forget the feeling that came over me when the <unk> pointed his <unk> at me .
this isn 't about him , is it ?
she 'd do that if she had time .
father , today i 'm going out with some friends . that is , of course , if you give me permission .
if tom hadn 't tried to <unk> - and had this attempt not <unk> - he most probably would 've won .
tom and mary aren 't doing that the way they were told to .
i just can 't stop worrying about tom .
it was obvious tom didn 't need to do that .
tom has decided to go to boston next weekend .
they say they speak french .
i can <unk> you that you are wrong .
can i stop over in chicago ?
i wasn 't even thinking about it .
both tom and mary have decided not to stay .
i can eat it in here .
she did some quick math in her head .
mary doesn 't believe she can win .
tom is very sure he can take care of himself .
do you think tom would really do that ?
everybody knew tom was unhappy .
these people were very lucky .
the picnic was canceled due to rain .
it was yesterday .
i don 't want to go to the party .
tom was irritated , but mary wasn 't .
there are few trees .
tom decided to help mary .
their hands were cold .
throw the ball to them .
it was a poor concert .
tears filled his eyes .
he asked us to follow him .
this should be enough .
i want to move to australia .
tom and mary are trying to figure out how much money they owe .
tom told me why i should study french .
now , this is interesting .
mary is very stupid , isn 't she ?
sami and layla were both drinking .
sami needs to do something .
mary is dead , isn 't she ?
tom isn 't well enough to go to work today .
did tom and mary actually do that by themselves ?
it would mean a great deal to me .
tom said that mary might return on monday .
i love the smell of fresh baked bread .
you don 't need to be afraid .
i 've heard good things about you .
tom had a strange dream last night .
mary wore a pale blue dress .
i know tom is a better <unk> than mary is .
he was forced to work <unk> to study abroad .
i think we should spend some time apart from each other .
mary said she 's been told not do that again .
how could a mother have abandoned a child in a trash <unk> ?
tom can 't mean that .
i 'm going to empty this <unk> so that you can use it .
tom and mary have just come back from boston .
tom and mary are husband and wife .
tom found his grandmother 's old diary , which he came across after her death , <unk> reading .
tom thought that mary 's cooking was delicious .
i know tom is a little odd .
fadil wanted a lover , not a wife .
tom asked mary if john was planning on staying in australia a long time .
tom said that we weren 't allowed to swim here .
you should do that right away .
mary doesn 't always get her way .
they 're all in there .
tom and mary need to lower their expectations .
the glass fell off the table .
tom may have done this .
i want to get out of here before anyone sees us .
tom pushed a button on the wall that opened a secret door .
i love the work i do here .
you 're not really asking people to believe that , are you ?
my hands were full .
i know that tom knows that he 's supposed to do that .
tom and mary aren 't as old as i thought they were .
worrying is a waste of energy .
tom told mary that he didn 't think john was amused by what was going on .
i haven 't had anything to eat since this morning .
i suggest you pretend you 're asleep .
what should tom do next ?
sami was playing the music .
sami had a relationship that <unk> in a child .
tom didn 't want to admit that he was the one who had broken the window .
we could have saved tom if we 'd arrived just a few minutes earlier .
tom and mary like talking about themselves .
i was waiting for the right moment .
here 's tom 's picture .
tom thought it was ok .
what was the author thinking while she was writing this book ?
man is indeed at the <unk> of nature .
mary saw it , too .
did tom leave early ?
do you want to talk about the affair ?
i 've put my career on the line for you .
mary <unk> because they refused to give her a raise .
at last , however , the queen had a daughter .
tom hit mary with a bottle .
tom has been saying that for years .
i wonder if tom really thinks mary has to do that .
tom doesn 't want to play outside today .
there 's a good chance tom has to do that .
tom and mary are both very careful , aren 't they ?
i don 't think that tom will have to do that .
i 'm not sure we have any choice .
tom wasn 't the one who planned this .
can 't you make it to australia this year ?
tom flew to boston today .
you argue with us .
they got to their feet .
she 's sure that everybody saw her .
i wish i could live on park street .
tom and mary painted the house all by themselves .
sami turned to leave .
for how long will you be staying with us ?
maybe tom and mary have had an accident .
i know that you must be busy .
tom said that he knew that he might have to do that tomorrow .
tom said the earthquake woke him up .
tom showed the letter he got from mary to john .
we don 't have enough money to go to boston by airplane .
you don 't know who i am .
to love god and neighbors are the two great <unk> .
sami refused to break with layla .
she told me that she was excited .
tom and i often go fishing together .
i hope tom knows that he has do what mary tells him to do .
i don 't think that tom has to do that anymore .
can 't you just accept that ?
sami 's dog needed to eat .
i doubt i can prove that tom didn 't do that .
i wonder whether tom and mary are lonely .
whoever may object to this plan , i will carry it out .
i want him to like you .
i am not as interested in literature as you .
mary herself said so .
do you still have time to do this ?
mary said she knew it was time to go .
tom is on the other bus , isn 't he ?
tom said that he thought mary hadn 't been surprised .
i went home .
tom told me that he 'd never let me down .
i 'm not the one who yelled at your mother .
i hope she doesn 't die .
i can 't figure out why he did it .
i need to get ready for school .
i sent tom back to boston .
it would probably be wise to do that by yourselves .
i 'll be thirteen next year .
sami sat back down .
tom is waiting for me , isn 't he ?
we don 't have a garden .
tom saw what was happening and started screaming .
do not read while walking .
i like your country very much .
some of you won 't make it .
mary can drive , can 't she ?
to tell the truth , i hate him .
tom and i threw <unk> at each other .
tom didn 't know mary wanted him to leave .
give mary what she asks for .
try to guess .
let 's try to stay <unk> on the problem at hand .
doing that the way tom suggested wouldn 't cost as much .
he earlier had a phone call with tom .
tom is visiting family in boston .
i know him , but you don 't .
their parents are on holiday .
tom and mary didn 't tell john why they didn 't do that .
tom and mary flew to boston today .
i 've never spoken in public before .
i guess that isn 't really important .
sami took some more pictures .
i slept at an hour past midnight last night .
tom and mary said they 're prepared .
she kissed him to the point that she couldn 't stop .
do it now , tom .
can we talk with her ?
tom and mary said they didn 't want to dance together .
i will make an application to that firm for <unk> .
mary didn 't say what you said she said .
i have three sisters .
what to do is up to you .
i 'm going to australia to see tom .
he 's always at home on sundays .
there 's someone who wants to meet you .
i was just trying to impress tom .
mary can do that any way she likes .
i can 't promise you anything .
i don 't think tom is intoxicated .
how far can you travel in three days with no money ?
we never really wanted to be here .
tom may go home now .
i 'm not convinced that 's a good idea .
there are some important questions that science cannot answer .
sami really appreciated it .
i can 't decide if i 'm happy or sad .
mary didn 't say anything , did she ?
can we change the subject , please ?
tom is good-looking .
i wonder where tom parked his car .
i think that an <unk> watches over me .
i found my first gray hair this morning .
he told me his address , but unfortunately i had no paper to write it down on .
i know the solution .
no one believes he is innocent .
mary has some good ideas she wants to tell you about .
when could tom and mary do that ?
tom will probably be fair .
i 'll probably do that on monday with tom .
tom definitely didn 't want to do that .
this box is too large to fit in my suitcase .
tom and mary said they didn 't really care what happened .
i 'm still worried that that might happen .
i know that tom is a musician .
i hope that i can sing with you someday .
sami 's <unk> has pushed layla over the edge .
tom and mary said that they felt happy .
they don 't let their kids do that .
i should have known something was up .
i know that tom is afraid to go there by himself .
fadil just disappeared .
just because mary said she didn 't do that doesn 't mean she didn 't do that .
you 're a weird lady .
the pain in my neck i got from holding my head straight at the dentist 's yesterday was worse than anything the dentist did to my teeth .
tom worked all night .
i thought you 'd wear something like that .
tom and mary are <unk> , aren 't they ?
ten minutes later , our car ran out of gas .
she would probably do the same as he .
maybe tom was injured .
tom told mary that he 'd be willing to do that .
did you know tom could speak french ?
tom won 't leave boston .
i 'll bet anybody on that .
i knew tom was a bit crazy .
mary thought she could do that by herself .
i 'd be happy if that happened again .
people just need time to <unk> to the new environment .
i have to go back to australia .
i need information about him .
i 'm watching her .
let 's approach the problem from a different <unk> .
have you spent much time in australia ?
tom asked me if i knew how to swim .
i can 't quite tell where his accent is from .
tom spent hours trying to <unk> out the reasons for the <unk> in his company 's books .
mary knows that what she did was wrong .
you 're young and strong .
i <unk> an apple tree in my garden .
leave immediately !
we had to call off the baseball game because of the rain .
<unk> asked her friends to come to her party .
why would i lie about something like this ?
tom likes his new job a lot .
let them do that .
why don 't we head back ?
they promised they 'd speak french .
tom and mary wondered why nobody had told them about that .
no one could 've known this was going to happen .
there was a flower bed in the middle of the garden .
i don 't think that tom knows whether mary likes him or not .
he has no money in his pocket .
i could live in australia .
you 'd rather translate sentences than <unk> with me .
may i begin ?
tom , please give me a call .
it does not have to be this way .
what kind of trouble did you have ?
you can 't be too careful in <unk> like this .
tom said that he couldn 't hear anything .
" is not all this obvious ? " " it <unk> me , my good <unk> , as being just a <unk> too obvious , " said holmes .
i don 't think you 're smart enough to get into harvard .
the day when europe <unk> to speak its many languages is the day that europe as an idea , as a project <unk> to exist .
tom said that mary was happy to do that .
it was you who told tom , wasn 't it ?
tom has worked very hard .
how well can you swim ?
let tom and mary read whatever they want .
i thought that you 'd gone to australia .
tom couldn 't find work .
tom has been doing that for at least three years .
i have to know if it 's true .
tom told me you were retired .
tom is in australia with mary , isn 't he ?
can i assume that you 're interested now ?
where did you buy that ? i also want one .
if all goes well , i can make <unk> pieces per day .
sami was watching a movie .
i didn 't want to talk about that over the phone .
we were together for a long time .
we are going on a journey next month .
i 'm concerned about that .
i don 't care much for swimming .
it isn 't spring yet .
do you understand what tom means ?
tom is leaving at 2 : 30 .
she went with him to the movies .
tom <unk> up so he could pass the truck in front of him .
tom has decided he 's not going to try to fix that .
can you be quiet ?
despite a lot of difficulties , he still <unk> the task .
i didn 't think tom would be so rude .
what makes you so sure tom and mary were the ones who stole your bicycle ?
i think he 's trying to get back at her for what she said in the meeting .
i had some calls to make , too .
tom has a habit of losing his temper .
tom isn 't violent .
i didn 't think tom really knew how to do that .
i 'm usually too tired to do anything after work .
what do you find so interesting about <unk> ?
i am interested in sports .
we 've lost faith in humanity .
she couldn 't do with his rude behavior .
" are you going to go to tom 's concert ? " " i most certainly am . "
tom has lost the watch that mary gave him .
tom assumed everyone knew he wasn 't going to do that .
i actually think that i might be able to do that .
sami didn 't want layla to see his <unk> .
you did exactly what tom wanted you to do .
i asked after him .
did you do it by yourselves ?
mary said she 's embarrassed .
can we at least sit down ?
tom was pretty drunk .
tom will probably forget to do that .
she advised him to take the money .
tom is going to come to live with us .
she borrowed his idea .
tom and mary probably won 't do what they say they 'll do .
i 'm proud of the way you <unk> yourselves .
jack made no mistakes in the math test .
they have families .
tom wasn 't <unk> , but mary was .
we hope tom hasn 't been seriously hurt .
i wish that my grandmother were still alive .
trying to forget the day 's events , he turned off the lights and <unk> off to sleep .
i don 't know how you can work under these conditions .
sami did that in a very nice and polite way .
tom will likely be high .
tom and mary were <unk> three years ago than they are now .
everybody 's hungry .
we 've got a problem here .
in an <unk> voice , he asked his brother to hand over the letter and he died .
tell tom not to hate me for leaving him .
tom enjoyed doing that .
i am on the current .
be quiet . tom is still sleeping .
i think you could get tom to buy you anything you wanted .
we should be safe in here .
mary set the alarm on her watch .
tom told mary he wouldn 't eat the <unk> if it had pork in it .
don 't mess everything up !
tom has enough to worry about .
i am out of my <unk> in math .
there 's nothing to be afraid of .
the <unk> of the machine is to save work .
tom grabbed his keys .
my brother was injured in the car accident .
mary looked like she was serious .
did tom know about mary 's drinking problem ?
tom figured mary would like to know the news .
sami came over quickly .
he said he was safe .
i don 't know exactly what i need to do .
i know tom speaks french .
we shouldn 't look down on other people .
i wasn 't on the same bus as tom was .
good luck with tonight 's performance !
do you feel like you are going to throw up ?
what a lovely doll that girl has !
that all changed tonight .
i 'm in a really good mood today .
i know tom didn 't ask me to do that .
they already knew that , didn 't they ?
the lady and her dog that were <unk> at the gate were stopped by the <unk> .
do you have a problem with <unk> around here ?
i 'm working on my speech .
i 'm looking for a bag for my wife .
i had come into the <unk> <unk> , and as i walked in at the door i saw a light of welcome on my wife s face . but as she saw who it was it <unk> again , and she turned away with a look of <unk> .
i cannot fell this tree . it 's very big .
tom could possibly be considered handsome .
i should tell tom .
tom was watching the whole time .
i don 't think that tom knows who broke the window .
i want to sleep ! sleep rather than live !
london , the capital of england , is on the <unk> .
i speak french much better than english .
people visiting <unk> in the prison were <unk> to keep their hands in plain view at all times .
mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella .
the woman is in the room .
her beauty stood out in our class .
tom started to say something , but didn 't .
i went to america to study .
they could 've done that by themselves .
i 'm going to give all this away .
i think tom and mary should be able to do that by themselves .
sami 's life is wonderful .
he is looking for a place to live .
i choose to be happy .
i 'm not too good at this game .
how many words are there in the english language ?
she knew she needed help .
sami called layla 's mom .
how long did it take tom to do that ?
tom and mary are serious , aren 't they ?
i 'm not sure i have the time to do that .
tom and mary don 't know when the meeting starts .
there was more than enough food .
i have been <unk> in the office all week .
tom and mary said they didn 't know who john wanted to do that with .
i was sure i had never seen her before .
tom wrote this three weeks ago .
tom said he 'd call tomorrow .
what 're the chances that tom will have to do that ?
i make a point of taking a walk before supper .
it totally worked !
they looked like they were afraid .
tom realized it wouldn 't to be easy to do that .
tom must be working late at the office .
aren 't you going to vote for tom jackson ?
it 's a fine mess you 've gotten us into .
what was all that about ?
it is better to <unk> than to pity .
you don 't know who 's going to do that , do you ?
you 're more than welcome to <unk> in whenever you like .
sami said that was illegal .
tom just wants to make sure .
tom and mary told me that they knew the rules .
do you feel like playing tennis this afternoon ?
their dreams , as might be expected after such thoughts , were dreams of love and <unk> .
i 'll get my revenge .
by evening , a few clouds had <unk> .
tom finally broke up with mary .
the radio warned us of the possibility of <unk> .
this milk 's <unk> date has come and gone !
is it so hard to choose between heaven and hell ?
are you kids having fun ?
tom stopped in boston on his way back from a business trip to australia .
we 've been trying to reach tom for three days .
if you keep <unk> in the past , we really don 't have a future together .
i 'd like you to meet mr. brown .
you said the magic word .
he stayed at home with his family .
tom never said why he wanted the day off .
i think that went really well .
i had no idea you worked here .
i never thought something like that could happen .
i think i really love you , tom .
tom hasn 't lost any weight even though he says he 's been <unk> .
tom told mary that she ought to do that .
our master makes a mean egg salad sandwich .
i love that museum .
i know tom wouldn 't be willing to do that .
the japanese team won the gold <unk> for this competition .
sami doesn 't believe layla .
tom , mary , john and alice all cheated .
tom is doing better today .
tom is much smarter than mary is .
it 's about ten minutes to the station by bus .
they had to leave their dogs at home .
i know tom should be doing that .
<unk> child is father to the man ' is certainly well said .
i can neither write nor read .
i almost spilled my coffee .
what 's that going to prove ?
i 'm going to take you to him .
i 'm not certain i 'll be able to do that .
they must have found out about what happened .
tom and mary are quite sharp .
tom takes the kids to school every morning .
he said he didn 't smoke anymore .
tom considered his options carefully .
i took a look around .
i have more than enough time .
you didn 't tell me tom was going to australia with us .
tom was here , wasn 't he ?
he looked like he was guilty .
he took the position that he agreed to it .
tom is among friends .
i used to be a dancer .
i really like being here .
i hear you wish to marry my daughter ? well and good . but the man who is to be her husband must first <unk> all the birds in the world , and bring them into the <unk> of the <unk> ; for <unk> no birds have made their <unk> in the trees .
i only quit because you asked me to .
a lot happened in a short time .
you need not be afraid of making mistakes .
thus they decided that i was innocent .
this is the first time i 've ever <unk> my house .
i don 't think you 're telling the truth .
i call for a vote .
i learned how to do that just last month .
i was attracted to that teacher .
i 'd like to have a <unk> operation .
tom took out a pencil and started to write .
tom is hoping to find a solution to the problem soon .
tom and mary broke up last month .
" it 's not my baby . " " oh yes , it is . "
i don 't think that tom can do that anymore .
he is not taller than i .
tom is currently writing a book .
we haven 't talked for a while .
we now know that that was a lie .
i think you might want to hear this .
you should be able to do that now .
tom and mary said it wasn 't them who broke the window .
i know that you want to go back to boston .
sami admitted to us that he was gay .
what are you doing next sunday ?
i told her exactly what i saw .
old people get sick easily .
tom didn 't have his phone on him .
tom is very kind to me .
i wouldn 't have asked you to do that if i could 've done it myself .
what if tom and mary don 't want to talk to me ?
shouldn 't you tell tom what mary did ?
tom has a lot of property in boston .
tom looks irritated .
do you have <unk> to fall back on ?
i don 't know how to be happy anymore .
we <unk> tend to think that beautiful people are good .
i didn 't think you needed to do that again .
tom is supposed to be here today .
we elected him mayor .
take these with you .
sami was a <unk> risk to our community .
that actually surprised me .
my neighbors are <unk> the laundry room in my apartment building again .
tom and mary won 't leave until they 've talked to john .
they were depressed .
they told me it was my fault .
i 'm sure that tom wants to do that again .
i have something i have to do this afternoon .
tom rarely speaks french .
sami is still driving .
in the fall , many birds head for the south .
they just stared at tom .
have you already paid tom ?
i 'll help you clean the house .
<unk> is also known as the morning star .
i 'd like to make a <unk> for the express train that leaves at 6 : 00 <unk> .
i had to run .
i should 've told her no .
it 's going to be hard to find someone to do that .
we can meet .
tom visited us yesterday .
tom noticed a change .
i was going to tell you everything .
i think i will buy the red car , or i will <unk> the blue one .
tom saw a ship in the distance .
isn 't he a bit young ?
tom asked me if he could borrow my car .
would you be kind enough to put in a word for me ?
i give a lot to you .
i will do what he says .
jane likes dogs better than cats .
why don 't we go inside where it 's warm ?
tom is never going to ever forget mary .
i knew tom would come .
i know tom would like to be the next one to do that .
i 'm afraid i don 't have one .
they told me they were doing that .
he always says one word too many .
i knew that tom was a bad <unk> .
don 't do something stupid .
tom is really running late .
whose bag is this ?
tom probably just didn 't know he was supposed to do that .
i went to paris .
i 'll get a room at a <unk> .
the actress has a very beautiful name .
you think tom should do that , don 't you ?
tom told me that he was glad to help .
i 'll be waiting right here for you .
what you call a ' <unk> ' , you know , is what girls wish upon that they may get together with the person they love and such like .
did tom say anything about that to you ?
he doesn 't speak a single word of french , but on the other hand , he speaks english like he was born into it .
i haven 't seen him in a few days .
tom and mary are in their room now .
there 's something i 'd like to talk to you about .
i just wish i knew what to say to my husband .
show me a cheaper one , please .
they should 've never done that .
tom told me that he thought that mary was short .
i was taken in by his <unk> manner .
i wrote many sentences in esperanto .
tom told everybody that he didn 't know how to speak french .
the grass looks nice .
tom and mary didn 't think i 'd notice that they weren 't there .
go and get the boss !
tom brought his dog to school .
why aren 't you wearing your safety <unk> ?
tom said that mary was adopted .
i 'm going to get you for this , tom .
if i could have spoken french better , i might have gotten that job .
that station will be retired as of tomorrow .
i shall never believe that god plays <unk> with the world .
i spoke to tom in french , but he answered in english .
she sings well , but she can 't dance .
i don 't think tom knows a lot about <unk> .
i am not aware of any evidence to suggest that that is true .
show her the picture .
she gave a flat <unk> to my offer .
sami must have known that woman .
you 're the only one who 's supposed to do that .
sami didn 't have many options .
he has money enough and to spare .
the train is sure going fast .
you don 't like it ?
when will we start taking lessons ?
we must not stop here .
that 's not the worst thing that happened .
life was never meant to be easy .
my mother speaks little english .
he grabbed my arm .
i assume you still live in australia .
tom said that he didn 't want a drink .
do you have any idea where tom might have put his camera ?
kids can be kids .
i can 't leave it there .
tom isn 't going home anytime soon .
tom and mary wanted to spend all day together .
his son is sick .
he is lost in thought .
i put my suitcase in the <unk> room yesterday , but now it seems to be missing .
tom frequently does that before lunch .
perhaps you should go to bed .
i don 't feel any different today .
tom ran to help mary .
tom had a strange dream .
tom , i want you to clean your room and i want you to do it now .
tom said that he didn 't know why the picnic was canceled .
mary said she shouldn 't have tried doing that by herself .
studying when you 're sleepy is a waste of time .
tom looked like he was ready .
we must pay attention to the traffic light .
that meant a great deal to me .
she had a <unk> smile on her face .
mary didn 't want anyone to see her .
because i do <unk> every day , you can finally see my six pack .
i told tom not to leave his windows open at night .
i just didn 't sleep well .
i need it by the morning of april 5 , so it can be <unk> by other members <unk> to the meeting .
tom didn 't tell anybody he was planning on doing that .
he said that he had no regrets .
let 's just say i don 't believe everything tom says .
tom won 't be able to handle this alone .
tom will figure out how to do that eventually .
i bought an electric bike .
i was too shy to look her in the face .
can you give me answer ?
tom doesn 't want to be sent to prison .
this is very funny !
do you want to go with them ?
this may have been part of the problem .
tom was with his family last weekend .
as he had worked longer than usual , he felt tired .
sami chose a life of crime .
this can be a real diamond .
that 's not cool .
let 's talk about what you did in boston .
she does not want to be <unk> on her parents .
tom and mary are somewhere around here .
i doubt if tom would want to go with us .
you 're still not completely convinced that tom knows what he 's doing , are you ?
tom already had that figured out .
sami could make friends with a fucking rock .
there are many sentences that have no translation .
you must learn to obey instructions .
mary hasn 't washed the dishes .
the boys at my school are stupid .
tom is convinced that his mother doesn 't want to eat now .
tom told me that he showed his <unk> to mary .
israel wants the west bank for <unk> reasons .
tom is overweight .
you 're very wise , tom .
tom said that he thought that mary was right .
tom and mary say they didn 't know john was going to have to do that next week .
he 's selling his house .
sami came out of the office .
tom is mary 's oldest son .
tom told his boss what he had in mind .
can i please talk to tom ?
tom hasn 't been back to boston since he graduated from college .
tom has admitted his mistakes .
japanese tourists can be found everywhere .
i didn 't know mary was going to boston by herself .
tom is crying in his room .
he thinks himself better than other people .
tom said we couldn 't do anything about it .
do you have to go home now ?
i 'd like an orange juice .
you tell us interesting stories .
tom and mary said they don 't enjoy doing that as much as they used to .
tom was convinced mary had to do that .
i couldn 't speak french back then .
maria waited for him but he didn 't come .
the information is useful to a great many people .
it is true he has a good fast ball , but he is often wild .
didn 't you know that tom is afraid of you ?
tom has already told me he 's going to be there .
mary 's mother made her a new dress .
mary didn 't have enough money to buy everything she needed .
they told me that they 'd try .
i 've come to accept that my parents were <unk> . though i still don 't understand how they made it to all the houses in one night .
tom and mary didn 't do that by themselves .
i know tom didn 't know that you should do that .
tom slowly turned the <unk> and entered the room quietly .
you should listen to your wife .
i 'm going to introduce you to my <unk> .
i didn 't see it happen .
you should make sure that tom and mary do that today .
he played basketball .
tom felt that he had a lot to offer .
tom is going to be arriving by train tomorrow evening .
he said he thought i looked hungry .
i really like doing those things .
eat all you can and drink all you can now because there won 't be any food for the next 3 days !
i feel that i 'm a <unk> to everyone , that no one will ever love me , that i 'm better off dead , because that way i wouldn 't hurt anyone . however , on the other hand , i want to keep living and show everyone that i 'm strong .
let 's not forget that .
no one 's frightened of playing it .
this food is delicious . where did you learn to cook that well ?
i think tom and mary are both right .
tom talked to himself as he <unk> the plants .
we can get through this if we all stick together .
don 't let yourself be <unk> into doing something that you may regret .
she is attractive when she is dressed in white .
tom said mary was having a good time in boston .
whose newspaper is this ?
i went to the hotel by cab .
everyone but tom knew that he didn 't need to stay in boston .
bill is two years older than i am .
using the names " tom " and " mary " in many english sentences to <unk> <unk> into japanese is very strange .
i don 't like our new coach .
you have only to leave early to get a good seat .
i think it would be good for all of us .
my house is close to the supermarket .
tom doesn 't know anything about this .
i know that tom will be allowed to do that today .
it 's the law .
i 've been on the city <unk> for five years .
you don 't know them .
this article is badly written .
tom put his feet up on the coffee table .
do i need this ?
i would have liked to do that .
tom and mary are both really tall .
i didn 't know that you had a cat .
when did man start using tools ?
i know tom is able to do that better than i am .
tom told me that he thought that mary was <unk> .
we looked for the <unk> , but it was in vain .
how many sisters does he have have ?
tom will help you if you ask him to .
dan knew what linda liked .
i 'm the only person who knows where tom is .
the girl he loved was <unk> <unk> , the daughter of a retired <unk> who had lost his temper and his <unk> in india , and had never found either of them again .
i better find sami first .
tom will get back to you in a second .
it 's not on the wall .
we know that tom sometimes does things that he 's not supposed to .
dan didn 't even study spanish .
i didn 't realize that tom wasn 't enjoying himself .
i will gift you a <unk> on your birthday .
tom could 've had this job .
this is a good book except for a few mistakes .
i 'll ask my mother for money .
i 'm the only one who seems to be having any fun .
sami talked to layla the day of the murder .
she doesn 't have enough experience .
i 'm pretty sure that tom can do that .
the girls started fighting .
i think tom has your umbrella .
tom needs to be told that he has to leave .
tom didn 't seem ready .
you 're going to ruin your eyes .
we could 've done it .
tom came just as i was leaving .
tom said that he didn 't think mary was hungry .
we wonder why .
mr. jackson is a good teacher .
our school is within ten minutes ' walk of my house .
maybe we should have thought of this before .
sami made the coffee .
i think tom really needs to do that .
tom can 't believe it .
tom will be very successful someday .
sami was eating his sandwich .
what happened changed tom 's life .
tom promised his parents he wouldn 't get married until he was thirty .
i should have been able to stop tom .
no sooner had we reached the station than it began to rain .
tom planned to win .
i thought tom would need help getting in and out of the <unk> .
i 'm listening to classical music .
